big gulp ?
bearded dragons do not vocalize , except to hiss softly when threatened .
it suggested he live with monkeys in a zoo.
most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean .
it was originally planned to be taken into use for the 2009 / 2010 season .
the guaracha is a genre of rapid tempo and with lyrics .
ten days later, on 5 september, when further excavation proved morris had hit the crucial spot, he returned with lin foxhall, head of the archaeology department, to excavate the body.
in a neutral atom , the number of electrons equals the number of protons .
“for example, it would make life difﬁcult, if not impossible, in much of the tropics and would guarantee the eventual melting of the greenland ice sheet and some of the antarctic ice sheet”, with sea levels rising by many metres as a result.
he is a poor college student and needs money badly .
' lemon basil ' has a strong lemony smell and flavor very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral .
he's been there since last week.
in brief remarks at the white house shortly before the house vote, obama said he hoped the deal would “lift the cloud of uncertainty” that had hung over the country in recent weeks.
another solid positional line is the modern variation .
alcohol is the most available , widely consumed , and widely abused recreational drug .
the transmission medium layout used to link devices is the physical topology of the network .
the organization was disestablished as their activity had been outdated .
but he was still cold.
the national parks act of 1980 was written to record what national parks are for , and how they would be chosen and looked after .
she had no friends.
the first is social assistance – a safety net – to bring the poorest people closer to a decent standard of living.
many block ciphers , such as rc5 , support a variable block size .
inglese suffered a traumatic brain injury in an apparent fall in a stairwell sustained on july 17 , 2019 .
in computational linguistics , a stem is the part of the word that never changes even when different forms of the word are used .
not only did nimravids have varied tooth styles , but they also showed the same range of size size and shape as felids .
sandstone is made of sand .
the difficulty of defining colonialism stems from the fact that the term is often used as a synonym for imperialism.
what do i bring?
yes, i'm doing an essay on the life of a tiger.
the french tech aims to provide a strong common visual identity to french startups as well as to promote entrepreneurial exchanges between them .
he turned off the water.
his role is ceremonial as in many parliamentary democracies .
with the uk species, the pattern is much the same with invertebrates as it is with vertebrates.
the near-absence of genetic recombination in mitochondrial dna makes it a useful source of information for scientists involved in population genetics and evolutionary biology .
she didn't trust him.
scientists have also lowered projections of sea-level rises.
it had a pink eraser.
it is difficult to exactly trace the history of design management .
a second , slightly revised edition was republished in 1958 .
using a simple computer program to analyse people’s call patterns, they inferred who among the study volunteers was in a relationship.
it turned out that liars wave their arms more but, again, this is only at the 60% level that you can get from a conventional polygraph.
urban legend says that bobtails are the result of a cross breeding between a domestic tabby cat and a wild bobcat .
they sell it to capitalists, who (unlike the workers) control the means of production.
how is he handling the news?
italian shares gained 1.7% to close at a one month high, extending a rally after former european central bank chief mario draghi accepted the task of forming a new government on wednesday.
other theorems have a known proof that cannot easily be written down .
microsoft – which is currently running an advertising campaign with the slogan “your privacy is our priority” – was the first, with collection beginning in december 2007.
the alpine region once was one of pakistan's premier tourist destinations, boasting the nation's only ski resort until it was shut down after taliban militants overran the area.
the flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to hide themselves .
flynt had said that he has bipolar disorder .
he is 14 and lives with my parents.
at first , this state of affairs might seem to be counter-intuitive .
combs can be used to fix stray hairs and untangle wet hair .
"sometimes you think something is funny, but someone else thinks it isn't funny."
monoceros is not easily seen with the naked eye , containing only a few fourth magnitude stars .
both of them finished their homework .
wwf’s living planet index (lpi) 2014 seemed to confirm that grim picture, with statistics on the world’s wildlife population that showed a dramatic reduction in numbers across countless species.
here are the books i'm returning.
she clenches her teeth when she is furious .
yes, why do you ask?
there are two kinds of adverbs : first form and second form .
globally, the average was about 3.9mbps.
he says that recent work he and colleagues have been doing suggests that britain’s insects and other invertebrates are declining just as fast as vertebrates, with “serious consequences for humanity”.
on the predominant traditional view, conservation is continuous creation.
geographers are historically known as people who make maps .
the dr. i suffered other deficiencies .
i do n't know what his plan is , but i know he 'll figure something out .
of course i love ours the most .
scallops are filter feeders , and eat plankton .
we hope this mini review article be useful for all dentists and our colleagues and open a new era in field of dentistry.
she took off her rain boots.
i miss the way my mother laughed .
the cable tv has 100 channels.
estimates for the total number of casualties in the war vary , because many deaths went unrecorded .
well, i'm doing wonderfully in my music class.
it's absolutely clear that there are human rights abuses in tibet.
in a citation network, papers are linked to each other via citationships and they need to be categorized into different groups.
c- type asteroids are extremely dark , with albedos typically in the 0.03 to 0.10 range .
no one was there.
she took her nail clippers out of the purse.
i said i was going home .
this breed originated in the second half of the nineteenth century in japan .
the song received many positive reviews from critics .
put the detergent here, and don't use bleach.
in the late 1950s , he studied filmmaking in france .
bobby got out of bed.
the door has been locked since she left .
a chocolate cake?
the exact identity of silphium is unclear .
there is zero chance of precipitation today .
like most contemporary counterfactual theories, lewis’s theory employs a possible world semantics for counterfactuals.
in the 1971 essay “nietzsche, genealogy, history,” foucault spells out his adaptation of the genealogical method in his historical studies.
during the day , amphiumas hide in vegetation , and at night they become active hunters .
you can see people's warm breath.
what we have to do is to change this setting .
that smiling girl is my friend .
cryptographic protocols are widely used for secure application - level data transport .
whether the action is overall right or wrong can only be determined by the overall balance of right and wrong in it.
the nipples of nursing mothers naturally make a lubricant to prevent drying , cracking , or infections .
i thought i had to talk to him .
no problem, and the "21" means it's upstairs.
the method, called 'virtopsy', is now being used at selected forensic medical institutes in europe, having been pioneered by a group of scientists at the university of zurich.
i wish those politicians were better at making laws .
the film had a chilly reception with critics .
he had very little money.
huth's case illustrates that these rules are not merely procedural.
tuition fee (n) an amount of money that you pay to go to university tuition fees are very high this year.
if quarterbacks do n't like the formation the defense is using , they may use an audible .
alice said yes, he still had to go to his room.
he had lung cancer.
he turned off the tv.
corroboree frogs are the first vertebrates discovered that are able to make their own poisonous alkaloid , pseudo- phrynamine .
the mips architecture has instructions which are 32 bits long .
traditionally , this dance is performed only by women at night without any instruments .
the congregation of swamp deer in the park 's grasslands is the largest in the world ; the population of hispid hare may be of international significance .
it was light brown.
supporters of the disclose act mustered 53 votes in an effort to advance the bill, but fell short of the 60 needed to break a gop filibuster.
thanksgiving dinner generally consists of turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, vegetables, gravy, and ample desserts.
basic moral requirements retain their reason-giving force under any circumstance, they have universal validity.
the college has 926 faculty and staff .
wrasses have protractile mouths , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards .
in former times most of the people were farmers , however later in the 18th century the production of textiles became more and more important .
the grains of basmati rice are longer than most other types of rice .
it didn’t happen, so i think it will be impossible to build new hotels.” at the southernmost tip of spain, tarifa is the strategic crossroads between africa and europe, where the mediterranean sea meets the atlantic.
he couldn't keep all of them.
there is news in every state.
“they have put their lives on hold, unable to make major decisions like buying a house, redecorating, having a child or opening a business.” after years of dithering, the city has finally unveiled a master plan for how it will proceed.
bromine is toxic and corrosive to skin .
many visual novels use voice actors to provide voices for the characters in the game .
she was wearing her rain boots.
the restoration includes a television of the same type originally installed in the console .
it is the science of the endocrine system and hormones in a wide range of animals .
scientists have got new evidence , based on new and better ways of finding dates , using optically stimulated luminescence and uranium - thorium dating of megafaunal bones .
tokyo is full of well - dressed women .
multinomial logit regression estimates indicated that respondents were wtp for the restoration of all the attributes except attribute 4.
the town of 7,000 people will go on display via google’s popular street view application in july 2013.
deutsche bank eked out a small annual profit in 2020, its first since 2014, saying on thursday it had made strong gains at its investment banking division.
£10 for four 30-minute classes.
since the buildings are of relatively low height , the complex sprawls out over a large area of land .
that's what i'm here for, to help you."
rarely parasites can cause abscesses and this is more common in the developing world .
kevin yoo, an analyst at ebest investment & securities, said, “it seems clear that hyundai motor group has not been too happy with dealing with apple ...
the airport still has an important role in emergency services operation , civil operation , and flight training .
cerebellar ataxia is ataxia that is caused by a problem with a person 's cerebellum .
not all researchers wear lab coats .
let us take number discourse as our example, and consider these fictionalist views as applied to number discourse.
see you soon!
your mother told me all about your new job when i called last night .
ten days have passed since impact , and few dinosaurs remain .
importantly, however, the rate and intensity with which such interventions are offered or imposed is far from uniform.
another example of gorillas ' significant intelligence is their ability to comprehend simple sign language .
although firefighters are well versed about the dangers of burning fuel and sharp debris, they may not be aware that some aviation systems -- systems considered safety devices aloft -- become especially hazardous on the ground.
copper is the electrical conductor in many categories of electrical wiring .
the lump was hard.
barium bromide can be prepared from barium sulfide or barium carbonate via reaction with hydrobromic acid to give hydrated barium bromide .
as soon as they heard the loudspeakers , the policemen started to run toward the intersection .
a storm was coming.
a 25% cut in water consumption has been implemented but this is unlikely to stabilize the resort, which is surrounded by sand and dust.
the south developed an agricultural economy dependent on commodity crops .
in the past , ten subspecies of the dholes were recognized .
we have to figure out what to do about the power until the generator is fixed .
in the absence of such minimal goods, she argues that life is not a good to a person.
consumption of takeaway food has almost doubled since 1974, from 80g per person per week to 150g.
in the following area local calls must be dialed using the area code from the date shown .
built between 2003 and 2006 out of formerly barren lands , it covers 40 hectares .
they could n't find anyone .
thus , the mean of the grouped data is
political parties became legal in mid-1992 after a ten-year hiatus .
wow, you guys think of everything.
she rinsed the plate.
historically , chikungunya has been present mostly in the developing world .
grand total 12,850,814 gross tons
wear a beige bra with that white shirt .
by 1600 , rockets were being used in some parts of europe .
an apparent problem with naturalism is that there do not seem to be sharp boundaries between science and non-science and between mathematics and non-mathematics.
lucy had a cat.
she was very worried.
i like the takeoff and the landings.
they turn on their red lights.
his mom was reading another section of the newspaper.
african elephants receive some legal protection in every country where they are found .
you're old enough to cook dinner.
paramedics can also be sent to emergency situations by citizens who call the 911 emergency phone number.
i do not like walking home.
i'll try, but i can't promise anything.
the species within this family vary in size from 1.5 to .
yes, they're all green!
the current trophy is made from silver and gilt , and features a golden globe held up by three silver columns .
he said people shouldn't borrow money.
because the town is at the bottom of a steep valley it was n't suitable for the railway .
the region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and for the very hot springs .
while limitations periods are arbitrary, the public policy is not: defendants deserve protection of the law too.
this park has three valleys .
it used to be all black.
do you promise to care for her as long as you both shall live ?
individuals in this section have expressed an interest in running for president within the last six months .
he had a big tv.
my grandmother also lives with us.
when depicted he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
following the key signature is the time signature .
more women being shunned from higher executive positions are protesting on social media .
the second tunnel was discovered on 19 march 1975 .
it is too small to have any general lumber usage .
they passed many houses along the way .
statistics are correct as of 3 march 2008 .
(see sen 1997 and temkin 1993).
for example, if f is a function that takes a time as input and gives the position of a ball at that time as output, then the derivative of f is how the position is changing in time, that is, it is the velocity of the ball.
hovey died on 6 january 2015 at the age of 82 .
the all-consuming engine driving this process is an ever-expanding capitalist economy, fed by scientific research and the latest technologies.
it said in a statement that scientific and professional findings showed that the safety of the reactors was assured.
there are many ways to define the size of a cluster and distance between clusters .
eventually bombards were superseded by weapons using smaller caliber iron projectiles fired from longer barrels with more powerful gunpowder .
they were all closed.
i am aware that some chinese have also died.
prey includes a wide variety of mammals and birds .
he always buckles his seat belt.
yes, he needs a firm hand and discipline!
i have something that is great and powerful.
he died on 6 january 2015 , aged 82 .
the government’s agricultural transformation agency aims to boost yields by developing improved varieties of the grain, along with new planting techniques and tools to reduce post-harvest losses.
female amphiumas lay their eggs in wet mud .
according to data compiled by the national campaign to prevent teen and unplanned pregnancy in its 2012 publication, why it matters: teen childbearing, education, and economic wellbeing, roughly 48 % of mothers ages 15 to 19 lived below the poverty line.
i got the part in the school play!
as of 20 , 2019 .
the biden administration said on saturday it was immediately suspending trump-era asylum agreements with el salvador, guatemala and honduras, part of a bid to undo his republican predecessor’s hardline immigration policies.
in 1955 he graduated clarinet successfully .
this is not because such people are thought to be devoted to a philosophical doctrine but because of their outlook on life generally; indeed, they may even be pitied, or perhaps envied, for displaying a naïve worldview and not being philosophically critical at all.
do you know what the kids ate for dinner last night ?
he wanted to live on a farm.
we have to pay first, daniel.
she added that there is no indication that putin is as irrational as the german dictator was.
lisa only works certain shifts in the evening because she is extremely busy during the day .
many island rails are flightless because small island habitats without mammalian predators eliminate the need to fly or move long distances .
having disappointed many supporters in his first term, he is looking now to establish a legacy that will transform him from a middling president into a great one.
they are ucla's daniel freeman paramedic program and the paramedic training institute.
"you were a bad boy," she said.
for vectors with complex entries , using the given definition of the dot product would lead to quite different geometric properties .
withdrawal of a military occupation may be due to political reasons .
congenital syphilis is that which is transmitted during pregnancy or during birth .
net applications bases its usage share on statistics from 40,000 websites having around 160 million unique visitors per month .
but she ate meat all the time.
the institute of medicine has said that pepfar has been globally transformative and has had major positive effects on the health and well-being of individual beneficiaries, on institutions and systems in partner countries, and the overall global response to aids.
we are going super fast!
the millennium ecosystem assessment (2005) defines ecosystem as a complex and dynamic environment where living organisms (plants, animals and microorganisms) and non-living organisms interact and function as a unit.
elemental bromine is toxic and causes chemical burns on human flesh .
another view is that the name was an insult .
it 's not my idea of fun .
attend (v) to officially go to a place, like a school, university or class you must attend 80 per cent of classes to pass the course.
he was lucky.
boiling tubes are made from borosilicate glass that can withstand high temperatures .
"no, honey," her mom said, "santa will bring you only one doll.
this lake is considered healing and is appreciated by some local people .
the rod is still in use as a unit of measure in certain specialised fields .
despite cutting ticket prices and spending $10m on the marketing blitz, which features its veterinarians caring for whales, seaworld ceo joel manby was forced to admit that the company is still struggling to convince the public that it treats its whales well.
foot believes that this principle is necessary because the principle of doing and allowing does not cover some morally significant distinctions.
while, as in the uk, no one has fallen ill from eating mislabelled produce, the outbreak of anger shows no sign of abating.
many species of large predatory fish also school , including many highly migratory fish , such as tuna and some ocean going sharks .
around the world , the sugar glider is a popular domestic pet .
hazara leaders have already called on their community to remain calm and not to take the bait offered by these attacks.
sounds like a plan.
have fun sometimes , or you will get stressed .
the authors were able to experimentally work out a rate law at 261.2 k for the reaction of 1,2 - dimethylidenecyclohexane with sulfur dioxide to give the corresponding sulfolene .
the clasp on my necklace was broken .
“we did it the usual way, lifting the arms, legs and skull first, and proceeding gradually towards the torso – so it was only when we finally saw the twisted spine that i thought: 'my word, i think we’ve got him.
a reading time for 20 minutes every day is designated to help students cultivate a reading habit .
in 1943 , he became assistant director in charge of mechanization and also had responsibility for cryptographic liaison with the us .
homes built with brick are common in the us .
the statement that is being tested against the null hypothesis is the alternative hypothesis .
parentheses show the numbers of admitted students per year .
oxfam has forecast that the price spike will have a devastating impact in developing countries that rely heavily on food imports, including parts of latin america, north africa and the middle east.
women wear a feminine tartan kilt , a short white blouse with a sleeveless velvet jacket over it , matching tartan hose and ghilies shoes .
the walls encircling the old town remain intact , even as the city expanded and modernized , unusual for cities in the region .
the tree forms a thick , corky bark .
people are now being invited to test their digital knowledge with an abbreviated version of the questionnaire that will give any member of the public a dq score, along with advice on how to improve their understanding and protect themselves and their families online.
mature adults have a pair of small fins projecting from the lateral sides of the mantle .
a single- tasking system can only run one program at a time .
guillaume chapron from sweden’s university of agricultural sciences and researchers across europe found wolves, in some cases, living in suburban areas alongside up to 3,050 people per square kilometre – higher than the population density of cambridge or newcastle.
yet many believe that they are necessarily true.
it seems that they were written for the benefit of the students who already had the value of his personal contact.
his parents wish the police could find the person responsible for the hit and run accident .
inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to limit switching currents and fault currents .
the first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill .
john and sarah play in the garden.
it was dark outside.
from the beginning , graphic designs were used to tell different teams apart .
the doctors tried as much as possible to save her .
comparing friends’ seemingly perfect lives with ours can lead us to withdraw socially.
a probing investigation into the psyche was a leading preoccupation for nietzsche throughout his career, and this aspect of his thought has rightly been accorded central importance across a long stretch of the reception, all the way from kaufmann (1950) to recent work by pippin (2010), katsafanas (2016), and others.
modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century .
sixth is the roof escape opening that is in place on all funny cars since the division was made in the early 1970s .
axles are an integral component of most practical wheeled vehicles .
i am disappointed by what i find in my refrigerator .
the species has been introduced to the united states and new zealand .
i get along with my father more than i do with my mother.
she looked at the blue sky.
if we are pushed to do what we had to do the last time, we would take care of it.
he said he would think over the proposal because he still had to consider other factors concerning it .
eigenvalues and eigenvectors have many applications in both pure and applied mathematics .
the movie was generally a failure .
they were cycling in the mountains .
if they tried to steal it , they 'd be caught on camera .
i see you use our mobile service.
the police had been asking if anyone had seen the snake that escaped from the pet store .
that sounds great.
non-financial capital accumulation is an essential factor for economic growth , since additional investment is essential to enlarge the scale of production and increase employment opportunities .
sexual reproduction first appeared about a billion years ago .
at 05 : 45 on may 23 , 1944 , 1,500 allied artillery pieces started bombing .
hygiene technician the job: disinfecting areas that have potentially been exposed to bio-hazardous situations what it involves: cleaning up crime scenes, road accidents and suicides.
that room at the end of the hall is his .
yes, they were.
his paintings are usually single figures of beautiful women .
you'll be waiting here for a long time.
the agency works with state and local authorities as well as the american red cross and other agencies to help disaster victims rent temporary housing, repair their homes, get loans to cover small business and farm losses, as well as assisting in cleaning up storm debris including hazardous materials.
calcium nitrate is used in waste water pre-conditioning for odor emission prevention .
we are the only ones cracking down on the state's human smuggling law, arpaio said.
rooth died in sweden on 27 february 1972 at the age of 83 .
with a vertical drop of 300 m to 400 m , this is one of the more technical of the para-alpine skiing disciplines .
customers may be taking on more debt than they can handle, even if it comes in bite-sized portions.
his principle of emergence was based upon the possibility of multi-shaped atoms “interlocking” to form an infinity of more complex shapes.
the main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican , an exterior defence in front of the main gate .
how are the kids?
parts of the city already feel like a war zone: its ritziest hotel is eerily deserted though many rooms are being used as offices by international agencies drawn by the deepening crisis – blue helmets and flak jackets piled up on persian carpets in an ornate reception room, white un vehicles parked behind the blast barriers outside.
double sharps are indicated by the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or one whole tone .
her little brother liked collecting pocket knives .
the flu was called h1n1.
shares of insurer clover health, which on thursday became the first company to be targeted by a short-selling report in weeks, rose 5.7% due to a late rally sparked by comments from venture capitalist backer chamath palihapitiya in response.
their small budget was another reason to use the ship for much of the storytelling .
no one else was wearing gloves.
it is often used on soil .
i drink water .
6 months from today, our city will be an even healthier place, bloomberg tweeted on thursday.
this assumption no longer holds for graph data because each instance (node) is related to others by links of various types, such as citations, friendships, and interactions.
are there any places available, and what are the start dates?
of particular interest to astrobiology is the habitable zone of planetary systems where planets could have surface liquid water , and thus the capacity to harbor earth - like life .
writing for the majority, justice anthony kennedy ruled that restricting marriage to opposite-gender couples forces same-sex couples to live as married for the purpose of state law but unmarried for the purpose of federal law, thus diminishing the stability and predictability of basic personal relations the state has found it proper to acknowledge and protect.
this doctrine i call transcendental idealism.
before the late 1980s , people could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action .
it emptied the trash can into the truck.
i ca n't read your mind so i do n't know what you want unless you tell me .
when does the play open?
but they said more challenges lay ahead to narrow down further the projections of future temperatures.
existentialism was as much a literary phenomenon as a philosophical one.
in 2002 , there were nearly 1500 students in the school .
yes, and english, too.
the cemetery was discovered in the 1920s , but had not been used since the 9th century ad .
scales in traditional western music generally consist of seven notes and repeat at the octave .
color blindness is typically an inherited genetic disorder .
the floorball section was started in 1991 ..
teppei 's apartment has many unusual items such as thai artifact , a 30 - year - old refrigerator , and a crystal apple .
that may have been temptation enough for the hazarasenemies.
i'm bored, too.
pies made from pumpkins use pie pumpkins which measure about six to eight inches in diameter .
where are we going?
﻿brazil experienced one of its biggest nights of protest in decades as more than 100,000 people took to the streets nationwide to express their frustration at heavy-handed policing, poor public services and high costs for the world cup.
pusheen is an example of the popularity of cats on the internet and in social media .
while the entire council is responsible for leading the federal administration of switzerland , each councilor heads one of the seven federal executive departments .
if my boss isn't there, i should be getting out at around 8:00 p.m. and if your boss is there?
without additional heating, radiative cooling of gas in the halos of massive galaxies (milky way and above) produces cold gas or stars in excess of that observed.
it was cold outside.
mom gets mad.
cultivation of watercress is practical on both a large-scale and a garden-scale .
a sixth unreleased animal, a leopard, died in january at the columbus zoo and aquarium, where all of thompson's remaining animals had been housed for safekeeping since the incident.
the bridge is 800 ft in length with two towers each 213 ft high , built on piers .
as stewart baker, the former general counsel at the us national security agency (nsa), put it in the aftermath of edward snowden’s revelations: “metadata absolutely tells you everything about somebody’s life.” patrick mutchler, a computer security researcher at stanford, said that while the power of metadata was understood by those gathering the information, the public was largely in the dark because so few published studies have revealed how rich the data is.
this is a tough time for millions of folks across the eastern seaboard, but america is tougher and we are tougher because we pull together, we do n't leave anybody behind, we make sure that we respond as a nation, obama said.
anderson said: “the takeaway message is that guilty people fidget more and we can measure this robustly.” anderson added that the research had a special significance at this time, against the background of the us senate report on torture by the cia.
a radar gun , used to measure the speed of cars or balls in sports , is usually calibrated with tuning forks .
no damages were sought by the couple.
indeed, we respect these laws to the degree, but only to the degree, that they do not violate values, laws or principles we hold more dear.
the movie was filmed from october 1991 to january 1992 .
however, it is simply beyond the scope of this entry to pursue that discussion here.
the passage was relatively fast , but the mortality rate was the highest in the history of transportation to australia .
to find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using strictly mathematical means can be a daunting task .
he was moving to a smaller apartment.
could you get my waiter , please ?
in 2004, the mining company broke it to the town that its days were numbered: digging its shafts towards the city at an angle of 60 degrees, subsidence would soon lead to the widespread cracking and collapse of the town’s buildings.
in fact, she liked the idea.
elders died after a long illness on 3 may 2015 , aged 84 .
the wheelchair did not belong to him.
one of the first and most famous libraries was built in alexandria , egypt around the time of ptolemy .
the stadium was overcrowded because there were two hundred more people at the charity concert than predicted .
we shouldn't pick it up.
militia members generally do not have access to women , so boys are sometimes kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men .
she had another beer.
then pam pulled sharon's hair.
her death was greeted with tributes from across the political spectrum.
it is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression , stress and lead to a higher sense of self-worth .
the city is a major trading and farming center in the area .
these sneakers are so soft i could wear them to sleep in .
thus, the modern european colonial project emerged when it became possible to move large numbers of people across the ocean and to maintain political sovereignty in spite of geographical dispersion.
dad never gives us permission to go to rock concerts .
second, it becomes difficult to say in some cases just which natural laws are being violated by the event in question (earman 2000).
a free man usually became a serf because he owed a large debt .
i'm sorry, but you need a student id to purchase textbooks here.
if the taylor series of a function is convergent, its sum is the limit of the infinite sequence of the taylor polynomials.
did anyone else get injured?
already in the pipeline are plans for a new shark exhibition in orlando and an attraction in san antonio that will allow customers to swim with dolphins in a “naturalistic” setting.
if you wait a little there will be a definite answer .
pussy riot have released seven songs .
(at 7:144f, csm 2:103) these passages (and others) suggest an account wherein doubt is the contrast of certainty.
game theory has been put to several uses in philosophy .
she stopped eating meat.
nabr is produced by treating sodium hydroxide with hydrogen bromide .
the emperor of china learns that one of the most beautiful things in his empire is the song of the nightingale .
the flag is red, white, and blue.
you must stay here and wait for your parents to come .
it is a polluted river .
there was a sudden hail storm .
consider a hypothetical hotel with a countably infinite number of rooms , all of which are occupied .
some skyscrapers feature rooftop heliports or helistops to serve the transport needs of executives or clients .
in short, the researchers conclude, the subway and city are about as safe as everyone thought.
in one instance, they stopped a bus of shia pilgrims on their way to iran from pakistani balochistan and shot dead 26 male passengers in front of their families.
the main economic activity is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination .
on her view, life is often still a good to someone who is suffering and who is likely to continue in such a state.
she is very attractive for a middle - aged woman .
the teacher took the children to the aquarium to show them many types of fish that live in the sea .
when can we go?
mammals are set out by size with largest at the top .
it flew up into a tree.
second, history teaches us that without a trailing edge of commercial exploitation and profitability, exploration as large scale, routine human endeavor will not succeed.
caramel sauce is made from heating water and caster sugar at a low to medium temperature .
the network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects .
why don't you get along with your mother?
﻿leading water scientists have issued one of the sternest warnings yet about global food supplies, saying that the world’s population may have to switch almost completely to a vegetarian diet by 2050 to avoid catastrophic shortages.
the next step is to make notches every foot or two of the log .
goldeneye, the first of brosnan’s efforts, heralded a dramatic renewal: not simply because of a new actor but, more significantly, because of who was behind the camera.
thank you for your help.
this raises concerns, as she has indicated the cages have not been repaired, and has repeatedly refused to allow animal welfare experts to evaluate if conditions are safe for the animals and sufficient to prevent them from escaping and endangering the community, said erica pitchford, a spokeswoman for the ohio department of agriculture.
mccain argued that local union chapters would not have to disclose payments from individual members if the amount was less than $10,000.
the last time i studied anything was forty years ago … i'm a bit nervous!
the soccer stadium was full of fans .
republicans, driven by the party's conservative wing, call for immediate steps to erase the chronic budget deficits and mounting federal debt that they say imperil national security and stability.
he went to greece but i do n't know what he 's doing .
he is a good instructor.
it is also unknown whether all the surviving fragments are part of the same stele or come from different copies .
before you cross the road , look out for cars .
do n't show your belly in public .
the next advance was the development of procedural languages .
"we should have gotten up earlier," said mom.
people walk well.
there is also the last type of a jigsaw puzzle , it is considered a 3d puzzle but made from a 2d pieces .
in the months that followed smart's disappearance, her anguished parents, ed and lois, became a familiar sight in the media as they continued to plead for their daughter's safe return.
the three species of green mambas are arboreal , whereas the black mamba is largely terrestrial .
it only takes her 20 minutes.
congress passed a law -- the defense of marriage act or doma -- that forbade the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriage, although this is a matter, constitutionally, that most agree belongs to the states to decide.
it took the boat a year to travel across the whole world .
systems of linear equations form a fundamental part of linear algebra .
he added that russia had a duty to influence the separatists so that the other members of the mission could be freed as soon as possible.
in modern times , belts for both men and women are used in bdsm .
the increasing use of carbon fiber composites is displacing aluminum from aerospace applications in favor of other metals .
she keeps the key in a flower pot by the door .
for most untrained people , the process of smelling gives little information concerning the specific ingredients of an odor .
you should do what you love, not necessarily what you're good at.
public speakers may use audience response systems .
thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines , which supply most of the world 's electric power and run the vast majority of motor vehicles .
when these are not equipped with special “scrubbing” equipment to remove chemicals, coal can also produce sulphur emissions – the leading cause of acid rain – and other pollutants such as mercury and soot particles.
captive breeding is difficult , partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle .
the deadly attack in kabul on shi'ite worshippers celebrating the feast of ashura adds one more layer to the country's overlapping security crises.
he was shivering.
she took a little red peanut out of the shell.
nk cells are cytotoxic ; small granules in their cytoplasm contain proteins such as perforin and proteases known as granzymes .
the artists who produced these paintings used techniques rarely found in other cave art .
consumers who believed they had eaten prized kuruma shrimps, for example, were told they had in fact dined on the much cheaper black tiger version.
the cantons are listed in their order of precedence given in the federal constitution .
leaf insects are camouflaged taking on the appearance of leaves .
as a result , the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance .
pamphlets can contain anything from information on kitchen appliances to medical information and religious treatises .
“it’s not really a family spot.
how about a roller coaster?
she did not want to be late for work.
the particle in a 1 - dimensional well is the most simple example showing that the energy of a particle can only have specific values .
a major set of fault lines in feminist thought since the 1990s is over the questions of the subject of “woman.” according to mary dietz’s 2003 article laying out the field, there are two large groups here.
anderson exists today almost exclusively in the footnotes of his more engaged and accomplished students.
males of many species form mating swarms like faint pillars of smoke , competing for females that visit the cloud of males to find a mate .
for many years , efforts to discover brown dwarfs were fruitless .
unsurprisingly, the anaerobic digestion (the process that takes place when bacteria eat the decomposing waste and produce methane) smells like rotten eggs.
what's happening in swat valley ?
you can find the contractor in his office .
"yes, honey, we will grow old together," he said to nancy.
she used to eat meat.
the song has been covered by number of artists .
that was the moment when they sang .
each code consists of two parts , separated by a hyphen .
the sunshine makes me want to go to the beach.
there was another restaurant in the airport.
that was terrible!
although sovereignty is often taken to mean full statehood (gellner 1983: ch.
and despite the draconian punishments associated with illegal drugs, 44 % of today's teens will try them before graduating from high school.
the important factors influencing readiness to join crop insurance by the farmers were age, marital status, access to extension service and experience in cocoa farming.
many philosophers recognize a distinction between two kinds of mental events.
the game ends either when all contestants are eliminated or when the question for the highest value in the money tree is answered .
they like slides.
forks have traditionally been used to tune musical instruments , although electronic tuners are replacing them in many applications .
amid the disillusionment with his presidency and the tough economic conditions, his campaign team decided it was inappropriate.
they're the worst, but the food is great.
she put the soap back.
she was so excited.
titanium is commonly found in the earth 's crust .
the city has about 10 km2 of greenspace , lakes , forests and farmland .
on 28 december , after eight days of fighting , the germans withdrew from the town .
luria arrived in new york city on september 12 , 1940 , and soon changed his first and middle names .
but not everything will be saved.
carol and mary are friends.
jets with most energy in mildly relativistic (∼ mev or ∼1010 k) thermal plasma work, but require a factor ∼10 larger energy input.
“i prepare and research as much technical and practical information as possible on every single product beforehand,” says shaun ryan, presenter for ideal world tv.
a number of countries – including the uk, the us, italy, sweden, the netherlands and russia – opposed bolivia’s demands.
overeating, undernourishment and waste are all on the rise and increased food production may face future constraints from water scarcity.
as a player he was a defender from 1992 until 2012 .
even though i have library cards, i really like this library.
famously, he defines perfect knowledge in terms of doubt.
do you live with your dad or mom?
it's a lot of fun.
this changed how dinosaurs are seen by both professional dinosaur illustrators , and by the public .
but when it comes to cuba policy, rubio himself seems firmly stuck in the past.
carreras has received many awards both because of his musical and humanitarian work .
this class used to be classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms .
﻿valdevaqueros is one of the last remaining unspoilt beaches in southern spain, where the sky above the golden sands is filled with kites hauling surfers over the waves.
i wish i were smarter .
venture capitalists are less likely to invest in startups if there are women involved in their management; investors actively reduce holdings in companies that appoint female directors.
as of , there are seven living former prime ministers of egypt , as seen below .
just this part.
i guess so.
let 's wait in front of the store .
i hope so.
saltwater crocodiles live in mangrove and salt marshes on the coast near the reef .
the bull shark mainly feeds on bony fish and small sharks .
if you'd kindly go to our website, i'll fix the problem.
i will fix your problem."
this digital data is gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred .
crystals are regular arrays of atoms , meaning that the atoms are repeat over and over in all three dimensions .
medications can treat african trypanosomiasis .
katsue 's son is an accountant for toyota .
it smacks, too, of the manichean division of the world between good and evil that permeated the war on terror and led to so many terrible mistakes and so many american deaths overseas.
yes, you can, donna.
a vowel can be placed between consonants to separate them .
it 's easy to buy silk in asia .
who is your favorite japanese artist ?
this award was first given for films released in 1934 .
for the 2006 season , the fuel was a 90 % / 10 % mixture of methanol and ethanol .
let's do something fun!"
he was known for his strength and fiery temper , and fought off over thirty knights by himself on at least two occasions .
the resort was dependent upon railroad and electric trolley service at first .
most scallops are filter feeders .
the diagram illustrates both encryption and decryption .
this is the principle which motivates a good will, and which kant holds to be the fundamental principle of all of morality.
there was controversy reported in the news in india .
he is the only member of the seven lucky gods with the ability to bring the dead back to life .
the doctor knows how to fix don's cancer.
witnessing the beginning of truly groundbreaking advances in technology is a rare opportunity.
tardigrades are able to live in environments that would kill most animals .
japanese radios did pick up more american submarine activity and messages .
i wish i had gotten my black belt when i was younger .
i live in a house .
in utero , the epithelium and underlying mesenchyme interact to form hair follicles .
she asked, "that's all i need to bring?"
he doesn't open the door for any person.
strangely , she only ate cereal at night .
due process developed from clause 39 of magna carta in england .
﻿a long time ago, cinema audiences were transported to a galaxy far, far away: one where imperial cruisers battled rebel fighters, where droids rubbed circuits with wookiees and where a spaceship called the millennium falcon could make the kessel run in less than 12 parsecs.
conscious thought is not always necessary for knowledge of results to have its effect .
what if she went with us ?
regius attributed his appointment at utrecht university to his familiarity with and support for cartesian philosophy, which was acquired initially by reading descartes’ first book, the discours de la méthode … plus la dioptrique, les météores et la géometrie, 1637 (at, vol.
the sea is mostly ice-covered , and the thwaites ice tongue protrudes into it .
deep learning enables rl to scale to decision-making problems that were previously intractable, i.e., settings with high-dimensional state and action spaces.
the county is subdivided into municipalities .
in australia , any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be reported to the government .
the rest of their viewing is shared between dvds, streamed content through netflix or itunes and recorded television programmes.
but there was no damage.
produce, or the term used to describe fresh fruits and vegetables, is commonly purchased by grocery store shoppers.
the park has three seasons : winter , summer , and monsoon .
it 's time to go .
i do n't know how the four years of my undergraduate studies went by so quickly .
give them pink.
﻿when it comes to climate change, we have the bad habit of focusing on the first part of the story, the part about the problem, and forgetting the second part about the many available solutions.
he looked at the windows.
do you have a car ?
it took me a while to understand what he said .
it was at this time that the hungry and weary pilgrims were taught (by native americans) how to grow and produce food on north america's unique terrain.
he went down the stairs to the first floor cafeteria which had around a hundred people in it .
there were just two entries in the quad doubles , and they played a straight final to decide the championship .
she never said no.
mehr was then nominated by the prime minister to serve as the minister of finance .
after 30 days, jack was very angry.
what we have done is given consent so you can make your own legal decisions .
there are 27 civil police forces in brazil , one for each state .
a tropical wave normally follows an area of sinking , intensely dry air , blowing from the northeast .
moral rationalism is, broadly speaking, the view that morality is the result of a rational process, whereby the mind reasons about moral ideas and creates moral rules (although many thinkers, like cockburn, argued that the mind, by this process, is actually in some way discovering eternal moral rules).
zinc sulfide can be made by igniting a mixture of powdered zinc and sulfur .
the big can?
16:08 where is it?
both the myth of sisyphus and his other philosophical work, the rebel, are systematically skeptical of conclusions about the meaning of life, yet both works assert objectively valid answers to key questions about how to live.
these two branches are related to each other by the fundamental theorem of calculus, and they make use of the fundamental notions of convergence of infinite sequences and infinite series to a well-defined limit.
if the electrons follow the poisson distribution a partial interference leads to a linear increase in intensity .
free vibration occurs when a mechanical system is set in motion with an initial input and allowed to vibrate freely .
i know what i 'm doing is worthwhile when i see my students successful and happy with their lives .
want to give me extra credit?
plasma screens are made of two sheets of glass with two gases stored between the sheets .
not all virus infections produce a protective immune response .
as of 2019 , there are seven living former prime ministers .
by 1851 , there were 15 asteroids , all but one with their own symbol .
and we know in our hearts that for the united states of america the best is yet to come.” in a speech that lasted more than 25 minutes, after paying emotional tribute to his wife, michelle, and his daughters, malia and sasha – as well as to his vice-president, joe biden – obama returned to the message that first brought him to national attention.
"you cannot pay me with money?"
there were leaves in her hair .
for a spherical collapse and continuous emission of light this effect was studied in details [7, 8, 9].
insect respiration is accomplished without lungs .
her notebook was next to mine when i saw it last .
would you like to donate money for christopher?
s of 2010 the median income for a household was $ 41,290 , and the median income for a family was $ 65,673 .
one or two players regularly form a side on beach courts divided by a net like beach tennis .
the timer will go off any second now .
coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location .
like many toucans , keel-billed is a very social bird , rarely seen alone .
his dad put white rice on the plate.
like most , or even all behaviors , aggression can be examined in terms of its ability to help an animal reproduce and survive .
[ ✔ ] a passport photo [ ✔ ] a copy of my passport or other photo id [ ✔ ] proof of address your card will be issued within 15 days and sent to the address provided.
neither did he.
most victims of the genocide were killed in their own villages .
moreover, lists of this kind do not tell us how to balance desiderata against one another.
most feature films are between 75 and 210 minutes long .
for now, iran's supreme leader has cast his support firmly with al-assad.
jonathan webber argues that “as originally defined by simone de beauvoir and jean-paul sartre, existentialism is the ethical theory that we ought to treat the freedom at the core of human existence as intrinsically valuable and the foundation of all other values” (2018: 2).
he put it on the table.
tobacco has contributed to more deaths than alcohol and illicit drugs combined.
what do you want to do?
she sang passionately so as not to bore the audience .
following two major accidents in 2002 and 2003 , one of the main issues in safety has been at the corner 130r .
the movie received negative reviews from critics .
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings .
until 1964 , state senators were generally elected from districts that were not necessarily equal in population .
a nuclear meltdown may be part of a chain of disasters .
it was lying in the grass.
of the total exploitation length of route 43 % or 1272 km are electrified .
scientists are studying black holes .
john and his wife have sold furniture for years .
the senate too remained little changed, with the democrats retaining their slim majority, gaining three and losing one.
bobby opened his window.
i got it for $15.99.
those are toilet slippers .
in end of the 19th century , the yoke and arrows became a political symbol of the spanish socialist party .
john did n't know why amanda was so angry at him .
you can't get the flu from eating swine."
polydnaviruses are a unique group of insect viruses that have a mutualistic relationship with some parasitic wasps .
philosophers generally agree that we can be justified in believing 15bi and 15biii only empirically.
dad, you 'll be paying to support me for the next 20 years, says another of the ads, which adds in smaller print that ny state law requires a parent to pay child support until a child is 21.
her hair was changing color.
﻿europe is to become the first place in the world to force 'real-world' emissions tests on car makers, opening up a new front in the fight to tackle air pollution.
"don't believe everything you see," he said.
she said, "do you want my car for free?"
the heat index is defined so as to equal the actual air temperature when the partial pressure of water vapor is equal to a baseline value of 1.6 kpa .
in bolivia and peru, reports of rising incomes owing to the now-global quinoa trade have come alongside those of malnutrition and conflicts over land, as farmers sell their entire crop to meet western demand.
in some cultures , breasts play a role in human sexual activity .
most people infected with trichomonas vaginalis do not have any symptoms and can be undetected for years .
she was elated at the good news .
he also persuaded his authority to buy new equipment because he wanted a modern , efficient police force .
it has a population of 218 .
and to be safe, too.
divya will provide the yoga mats.
he asked his landlord if he could stay an extra month for free.
honey badgers have the least specialised diet among mustelids .
she went looking for her dog .
the boys tried to fly the kite .
there is every chance miami may one day become uninhabitable.
a baby sheep is called a lamb .
a gorilla 's lifespan is normally between 35 and 40 years , although zoo gorillas may live for 50 years or more .
they must adhere to their responsibilities under international law.
amoebozoa are now considered by most to form a separate kingdom- level clade , being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants .
“money is once again being put before urban laws and european environmental directives,” said raúl romeva, a member of the european parliament who is vice-president of the greens group.
"no one buys anything," said molly.
the friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of lift its name .
the wind blows.
the cartful sells mainly two kinds of products , street food and clothes .
the sun is never high in the sky.
experimental physics expands , and is expanded by , engineering and technology .
fine wool from sheep is used to make sweaters .
are we going fishing, dad?
he has warned that cuba is taking advantage of the united states.
in america today, thanksgiving remains firmly engrained in its historical roots, and is widely considered to be a day for giving thanks for good food, good times, and family.
applicants must have teaching experience.
were there any dresses you wanted to buy ?
at first , people believed that sometime in the 7th or 8th century , the city was sacked and burned by invaders .
her email remains unanswered .
health officials and the e-cigarette industry in britain are seeking to clarify what this mean – for instance, whether companies in the fast-expanding market face the same bans on sponsorship and promotion at sports events as tobacco firms.
the object has a red-sloped reflectance spectrum , saying that the surface could be rich in organic material such as tholins .
so i think our relationship with china has certainly changed, he said.
his mother and father divorced when he was only 10 years old.
with their influence, philosophers have analyzed the role social and cultural values in the development of science (longino 2002).
the central stars of planetary nebulae are very hot .
some performers or groups put on very elaborate and expensive shows .
asiana crash video: firefighters saw injured girl before she was run over asiana airlines flight 214 crashed in san francisco on july 6.
it can be made by reacting ammonium nitrate with potassium hydroxide .
a safety is scored if a player causes the ball to become dead in his own end zone .
the shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. its flowers are hermaphrodite .
one place they are often seen is on clock faces .
black powder is the oldest type of mixed rocket fuel .
she closed the book.
an undulator 's figure of merit is spectral radiance .
he didn't see any pets.
change the subject.
the thermal efficiency of a heat engine is the percentage of heat energy that is transformed into work .
i have two brothers and one sister, and i was born last.
the quarter has a population of 19,921 , in an area of 2.46 km2 .
the last time he truly felt something for a girl was during his last year of college.
the dances included in the game are taken from the abc tv show of the same name .
because you like kids?
tuckwell left the orchestra in 1968 and spent the rest of his career performing as a soloist and conductor .
not in the pool.
oh, no, jason thought.
the government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart, he said.
she is very good at teaching and she should be given much more credit than she receives .
it has been suggested that many of the existing plant and most animal species have undergone an event of polyploidization in their evolutionary history .
felt is used for many different things .
yes, we can, but it takes longer.
there is consensus among paleontologists that birds are the descendants of coelurosaurs .
the number of protons in the nucleus causes its electric charge .
cosby's attorneys point out that this is no mere mistake that can be fixed.
the doctor told don's mom to bring him to the hospital.
the party declined rapidly after the 1856 election .
f we are going to debate the question whether there is a need for moral principles, we need some idea of what we mean by a ‘moral principle’.
does the metro require exact change ?
over 250 different species of looli marine life are found in the 300000 acre of lagoon and surrounding waters .
in some places , schools have to have tornado drills , but usually not as often as fire drills .
it called gross domestic product growth prospects for 2009 weak... on account of the pessimistic global economic outlook.
this is strange given the usual excitement around elections in turkey, the historic importance of this poll, and the exceptionally high level of socio-political tensions in recent years.
she had enough problems at home.
she enjoyed discussing politics with her father , and later with her husband .
to do so is to see that his writing contains more than a mood and more than images and sweeping, unsupported assertions, although it contains many of both.
female stag beetles are usually smaller than the males , with smaller mandibles .
reflection nebulae and emission nebulae are usually seen together and sometimes are called ' diffuse nebulae ' .
here you get on.
feet can be found at the bottom of legs, and each foot is comprised of five toes, or small appendages that help balance.
all the people were different.
the early modern period was characterized by profound changes in many realms of human endeavor .
it first became extinct in africa some 1.5 million years ago .
now if only he'd stop cheating!
the image of the united nations as a supranational body with powers to insert itself into our living rooms persists even though there is no evidence to support it.
the mall always has sales on saturday.
however, locke never provided an explicit account of how fundamental moral ideas are derived.
“if they put it in the centre of tarifa, where there is space, then clients could visit shops, tapas bars and restaurants.” overlooking the green fields earmarked for building, biologist aitor galán, who conducts environmental impact studies for a living, pointed at one of only two seaside breeding grounds for vultures in europe.
after his retirement he wrote other chess books , but he was no longer up to date with new ideas .
the internet has made it easier to both spread and debunk urban legends .
mitchell's attorneys attempted to move his trial, saying it should be held outside of utah because publicity in the case had prejudiced the pool of potential jurors against him and jeopardized his right to a fair trial.
critics, including mcdonald's and coca-cola, have assailed the ban as misguided and arbitrary, though bloomberg has billed it as both a health and fiscal initiative.
bird eggs are a common food and one of the most versatile ingredients used in cooking .
e-verify is a controversial program designed to check a prospective employee's citizenship or immigration status.
all organisms studied contain many rnases of many different sorts .
the light from the sun rising wakes me .
in this way , a single qrcode can be used to find the same article , in many languages .
then squeeze it into the hole," the clerk said.
he is looking at his cell phone.
primate nails consist of the unguis alone , as the subunguis has disappeared .
it is her favorite doll.
hockey players must be good ice skaters .
"do you want my books, my bike, and my tv?"
the term gets its name from its use in the parliamentary system of government .
some coins are valuable.
critics gave a mixed review of the game 's audio .
regards, susan colworth course administrator city language school
can i afford this payment?’ you get more of that impulse-shopping behavior that leads to realizing they may not be able to make the payment.” a lower credit score signals to lenders that a consumer may be higher risk and makes it harder for the consumer to borrow, whether to secure a mortgage or a new credit card.
the success of deep learning in many domains is partially attributed to the rapidly developing computational resources (e.g., gpu), the availability of big training data, and the effectiveness of deep learning to extract latent representations from euclidean data (e.g., images, text, and videos).
and though rubio doubts that climate change is caused by humans, the new york times has noted that latinos view global warming as a problem and favor government action on the issue.
it was hard to suppress a laugh, for example, when north korea severely declared that an upcoming satirical hollywood movie constituted an act of war and filed an official complaint with the united nations.
animals respond to threats in many complex ways .
then your english is good enough.
green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them under .
the station 's large hall was chosen because its dimensions are similar to 19th century concert halls , that is , it is shaped in the 'shoebox style ' .
indeed, they cite both the hebrew scriptures and greek philosophers as contributing to regressive tendencies.
animal coloration has been a topic of interest and research in biology for centuries .
the wind was starting to blow.
"why are you barking so loud?"
a military operation might cause a regional war involving turkey, saudi arabia and iran, with each country supporting its allies in syria.
please raise your hand if you have questions .
the pitching distance is 50 feet .
eventually , because of rome , the art of baking became known in europe .
the board voted eight in favor, with one abstention.
so we want to know what the smallest complication is which allows for the intensional.
they chase after brian.
tim likes the gift.
a flat piece of heat absorbing glass is often placed between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the slide .
humans have managed to construct lighter than air vehicles that raise off the ground and fly , due to their floating in air and water .
﻿young cubans are flocking to use the first known free, open-access internet service in the communist island nation, which has been made possible by one of cuba’s most famous artists.
we also have an eye toward doing our part in maintaining civil or social order, toward punishments or loss of standing and reputation in violating such laws, and other outcomes of lawful behavior.
he wasn't interested in doing anything.
what's for dinner?
gcs are part of the feedback system for the immune system .
many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat , have overlapping or identical hunting seasons , and are hunted using the same methods .
i am trying to get my work done during the day so i can go out in the evening .
“it’s the loss of the common species that will impact on people, not so much the rarer creatures because, by the very nature of their rarity, we’re not reliant on them in such an obvious way,” said dr nick isaac, a macroecologist at the centre for ecology & hydrology in oxfordshire.
i met someone who is also from vancouver .
the belts are in the inner region of earth 's magnetosphere .
larry has a shark 's tooth .
however, we recognize that fully resolving our brand challenges in california will require sustained focus and commitment to correct misinformation.” “we will continue to fight with the facts because the facts are on our side,” he said recently on a conference call with journalists and analysts.
while the exile opposition remains divided, there are hopeful signs that the opposition ranks within syria are becoming better organized, better trained and gaining legitimacy.
i know you're lying to me.
supernovae are the most dramatic type of cataclysmic variable , being some of the most energetic events in the universe .
in the era between convict settlement and the rise of the modern tourist industry the area was mostly engaged in the timber industry and fishing .
food and equipment are brought to the south base camp by sherpas or porters , with the help of animals like yaks .
it happened a long time ago .
from: pradeep ranatunga to: carolina kemper subject: thank you!!
the following is a comparative table classifying the natural satellites in the solar system by diameter .
are we going to play this morning?
the arms of the three original leagues were combined into the modern cantonal coat of arms in 1933 .
this species probably lived near a freshwater lake , probably hunting for other small creatures that lived in the same habitat .
beutel died on 8 may 2019 , at the age of 72 .
this explains how and when to treat injuries .
let 's try to read .
shall i order a new pair of tennis shoes for your brother ?
humans have had a dramatic effect on the environment .
“it has to generate not just employment but decent jobs, not just insecure low-paying jobs.
i am homeless."
would you rather meet for lunch at your place or mine ?
she asked her mom.
the pain will go away."
if you went outside now , you 'd freeze .
the hospital bills are sort of steep.
the bridge is 800 ft in length with two towers , each 213 ft high , built on piers .
she looked for his mouth.
during the second half of the 20th century , many people went to the country counties from nearby cities .
integral calculus is the process of calculating the area underneath a graph of a function .
because gender was mutable, the sex/gender distinction gave feminists a powerful tool to look for ways to address women’s oppression.
3.2 and 4.2).
“gme yolo/fomo my second mortgage.
i 've been sitting in front of this computer for too many hours .
if we were richer , we could travel .
other signs read “save democracy” and “say no to dictatorship”.
in a statement released by the state department, secretary hiliary clinton commended the swift passage of the resolution.
the main economical resource is agriculture .
today, most small farmers sell the bulk of what they grow to consumers in the city.
i would n't do that if i were you .
bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science , which deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods .
have you no shame?
davy was 10.
it was a great role that made him famous .
before the romans conquered britain their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the atrebates .
“the most sustainable places to live are those places that have multi-modal transport systems,” puentes said.
some materials studied using crystallography , proteins for example , do not occur naturally as crystals .
have you started your new job yet ?
the best-known method spiders use to capture prey is a sticky web .
after soccer practice , my leg suddenly started hurting .
a white house statement also emphasized such cooperation, noting obama spoke by phone with a host of republican and democratic governors and mayors from states affected by the storm.
the characteristics of this secret or key are determined by the system which uses it ; some system require that such keys be in a specific format .
32 clubs have played in the del since founding , with 14 currently playing .
you can use only one of the two pillows.
this , the child of the contradanza , was also danced in lines or squares .
that day i was going to walk home with him, but i decided to go to the library.
with the use of aniline dyes he was able to find a structure which strongly absorbed basophilic dyes , which he named chromatin .
in many societies shepherds were an important part of the economy .
company linguafun is a language school that offers modern language classes to students of all ages.
of course, particular authors may use language more systematically, but there seems little reason to insist that a specific vocabulary is required by the basic idea.
"you say you love me.
the gallery was founded in 1897 , as the national gallery of british art .
moral and aesthetic judgments have practical consequences that mere reason lacks.
historically , the island gained wealth from cotton plantations .
paper blows everywhere.
much of the city is located on a low range of hills running parallel to the coast .
“imagine it like a walking millipede of a city,” says lindstedt, unrolling a plan that shows the town’s streets and squares beginning to crawl eastwards along a new high street, until the whole place has moved safely out of the way of the mine by 2033.
in countries where fgm is common , the practice 's many variants are reflected in dozens of terms , often alluding to purification .
the province has 6 districts and 12 municipalities .
the following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 2000s .
i wish we could tell them .
fresh fish is the best fish.
usually inhabits mainland coast of shallow water attached to rocky substrates .
her lawyer said he has not been allowed to see her.
the club 's logo is a green globe with the initials cfc in white on the center , along with twelve white stylized pine seeds .
the us team fitted two rats with devices called brain-to-brain interfaces that let the animals collaborate on simple tasks to earn rewards, such as a drink of water.
they should fire that awful accountant .
the 1880 census determined the resident population of the united states to be 50,189,209 , an increase of 30.2 percent over the 38,555,983 persons enumerated during the 1870 census .
she jogs at sunrise on most days .
if you want to buy a new pair of scissors , you should go to the stationery store .
traditionally , globes were manufactured by gluing a printed paper map onto a sphere , often made from wood .
"you owe me $100.
he won an award for best actor .
i have lived in japan as well as in canada .
this is fun!
the design claim is often challenged as an argument from ignorance , since it is often unexplained or unsupported , or explained by unscientific conjecture .
what a story,” said philippa langley, of the richard iii society.
i'm sorry, dear, but you'll miss your bus.
these mountains are a popular tourist attraction .
i can't study at home, because my family talks so loudly.
in general , asian elephants are smaller than african elephants and have the highest body point on the head .
she hurried out of the house because she was already late .
the car took us to school .
the forest zone , a belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forests , runs across most of equatorial africa 's intertropical convergence zone .
fossil bryozoans first appear in the early ordovician and had a huge adaptive radiation .
i'll think about it.
at the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class , that of companion .
colonies averaging 75 - 80 individuals live together in complex systems of burrows in arid african deserts .
many homeless people were sitting on the sidewalk.
it would look like a normal face.
a grand jury in 2008 indicted mitchell and barzee.
“the wallstreetbets influence is diminishing to a certain extent because there are a lot of people that got burned,” said dennis dick, head of markets structure and a proprietary trader at bright trading llc in las vegas.
from the onset of the uprisings, his government knew that a repeat of the protests in egypt's tahrir square or bahrain's pearl square in damascus or aleppo will mean regime change.
the concept of formally defined layers or strata is central to the geologic discipline of stratigraphy .
they did not believe they had a reason to.
we teach everyone how to swim."
the bank, which broke off talks to merge with commerzbank two years ago, is trying to make itself fit for a potential merger if an opportunity arises, deutsche bankers say.
she likes to tell funny stories.
in the 19th century the lightning rod became a symbol of american ingenuity and a decorative motif .
most of a cell 's dna is in the cell nucleus , but the mitochondrion has its own independent genome .
in some cultures , people do not remove their shoes at home .
long before “postmodernism” became fashionable, adorno and horkheimer wrote one of the most searching critiques of modernity to have emerged among progressive european intellectuals.
s of 2019 these are the only known fermat primes , and conjecturally the only fermat primes .
a moment of silence is a common way to remember tragedies .
while there are different interpretations of it, the taliban's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers, requires veils for women and beards for men, and bans music and television.
do you think that's why you don't get along with your mom?
the copilot whom i met was dressed in an air canada uniform .
i like to play.
they often liked doing things together .
if a person still has a pulse , it is usually possible to terminate the episode using electric cardioversion .
a typical rural village in the country is characterized with an indecent environment, poor housing, bushy surroundings, and exposed water in wells and gutters.
my grandfather died like he lived , quietly and without fuss .
in the 14th century , the word described the roughness of woven cloth before it was cut .
i am taking you to the dentist today.
he talked to newspaper reporters.
i love the graphics on my new hands - free computer program .
these cucumbers are emerald green .
scharfe said after his talk that he recognized the dangers turkle talked about, but he thought developing the robot was well worth doing.
spanning from 22 september to 21 december (technically, that is; snow will begin to fall long before this latter date, in most parts of the country, leading many to classify the period as winter) in the us, autumn is characterized by falling leaves, halloween (on 31 october), and thanksgiving.
critics commented on the film 's misleading advertisement campaign .
ability to speak english necessary.
yes it's awesome.
it has one trunk.
with unarticulated wheels , climbing obstacles will cause the body of a vehicle to tilt .
each goal had specific targets , and dates for achieving those targets .
energy efficiency will continue to increase .
he died in london on 5 december 2013 , aged 75 , from undisclosed causes .
the structure of a gene has many elements : the actual protein coding sequence is only a small part .
i'm still sleepy.
on account of this fear, they avoid the dental treatment.
drawing on the social sciences and psychoanalytic theory, anthropologist gayle rubin developed an account of a “sex/gender system” (rubin 1975; dietz 2003, 401; and the entry on feminist perspectives on sex and gender).
rivers that used to flow through the city down to the sea have had to be diverted because they cannot drain uphill.
want to play?
the telescope will use seven of the world 's largest mirrors as primary mirror segments , each 8.417 m in diameter .
the movie gained mixed reviews from critics and holds a 50 % rating on rotten tomatoes .
i 'm not sure when to use this unusual fork .
the haitian capital is port-au- prince .
igneous rocks are formed when molten magma cools , either above or below the surface .
the dorsal and anal fins are divided into front spiny and back soft-rayed portions , which may be partially or completely separated .
the specificity of bird calls has been used extensively for species identification .
“it’s hard to imagine any other movie franchise that could evoke such a level of passion, enthusiasm and excitement.” the latest star wars mania dates from the hollywood studio disney’s purchase of lucasfilm from the film’s creator, george lucas, in 2012; the $4bn acquisition was accompanied by an announcement of three more sequential “episodes” – vii, viii and ix – plus then unspecified plans for spin-off movies and “stand-alones” to fill the gaps in the release schedule.
though he experimented in various genres of art , his unique talent was landscape painting .
he rides it to school.
every professor had to take attendance .
as a result, coal was used to meet nearly half of the rise in demand for energy globally in the past decade.
he is n't on either joanne or lia 's side because he wants to stay neutral .
in the classical, marxist definition (g.a.
there are few flora and fauna due to the harsh climate .
in some vertebrates , including fish and birds , the tectum is one of the largest components of the brain .
a letter from your university your card will be issued within 30 days and sent to the address provided.
by the 1920s , repression of capoeira had declined .
there are two practices of balancing a chemical equation .
he needs to make it clear .
a singer makes a musical statement , and then the musical chorus answers together .
on monday afternoon jennifer walked out to the street.
"what good is that?
boys wanted for the team were asked to tryout .
my grandmother was always wonderful at telling bedtime stories .
as of january 23 , 2010 the death toll from the floods has risen to 68 with 26 others still missing .
larger code size can be traded for higher program speed when applying loop unrolling .
all qualities were to be explicated in terms of ratios of these elements.
it had four bathrooms.
she climbed out of the pool.
the notion of modern art is closely related to modernism .
she called up a charity.
ambition to do what?
there are 242 tokens on the disc , comprising 45 distinct signs .
the apartment building manager had kicked him out.
it was december 1.
turbine selection is based on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate .
most startups have all-male boards.
right now , there are 62 cats for the player to collect .
while the cause of the common cold has only been identified since the 1950s , the disease has been with humanity throughout history .
from the hypostyle hall , one enters the second pillared hall .
the executive is the governing center of political authority .
marriage is an institution intended for two people who love one another, who want to commit to lifetime bonding as mates, and to form a family, whether it's only the two of them, or also includes children.
she said, "i know you have $10,000.
the total area of the islets is about 187,450 square meters .
what we have witnessed in recent years—the rise of deep learning, relying on the powerful function approximation and representation learning properties of deep neural networks—has provided us with new tools to overcoming these problems.
up to 20,000 people a day visit the city in july and august .
it is difficult to determine what some care ethicists think about such a duty, because the ethics of care has, at least in the beginning, been coined in opposition to the language of rights and duties (gilligan 1982; noddings 1984).
she turned the light back on.
one of the initial challenges google faced was gathering the raw data needed to fill in their existing map.
kate clark, with the afghan analysts network in kabul, described the attack as a real shock.
in italy , the madrigal was the most important secular form of music of its time .
isis was expelled from al qaeda in february after rejecting al-zawahiri's demand that it restrict its activities to iraq.
a: here is the tinsel, and the lights.
4, at 7:59, csm 2:41).
policymakers must aim for a “zero tripod” of separate but interdependent objectives: tackle chronic poverty; stop impoverishment; sustain poverty escapes.
our sun looks yellow .
worldwide , breast cancer is the most-common invasive cancer in women .
in the northwestern hills of the state , there are more northern - hardwood type trees .
let's go see the school nurse.
however , because conventions are not textually based , their existence and practice are open to debate .
innumerable factors and circumstances could affect a seller 's willingness or ability to produce and sell a good .
now, that was rude.
lazenby only lasted a single film, while dalton’s two efforts, the living daylights and licence to kill coincided with a period in the late 80s when the 007 movie had been thoroughly eclipsed by more aggressive, slickly produced hollywood action movies.
in cases where a list of alleged errors already existed, the theologians were charged with assessing the degree of error of the listed propositions.
then they both sang the song together.
swardspeak is a kind of taglish and englog used by gay people .
eleven people were killed , including three on the ground level and four in the synagogue 's basement .
the weak water vapor emission from disks indicates that water ice is locked up in larger pebbles early on in the embedded class i stage and that these pebbles have settled and drifted inward by the class ii stage.
we adopted a mixed method of analysis using descriptive statistics, gross margin analysis, and econometric estimation of the multivariate probit model by means of a simulated maximum likelihood (sml).
[10] cover a limited number of gnns with a focus on addressing the problem of network embedding.
the top two placed teams from each of the eight groups qualified for the knockout stage .
adults fly in the late morning and early afternoon .
after the war , the buildings were used to house new migrants to australia .
the industry’s biggest nemesis will be japan’s discerning and demanding consumers.
similarly, firefighters serve the public by responding to fires (and other emergency situations) and using high-tech equipment to extinguish these fires, while bringing any individuals who're in danger to safety.
when the sky began to darken , she closed all the windows and locked the doors .
after september 1939 , the dutch tried to improve the situation , but with little result .
as coordinating minister of strategic sectors he was responsible for building several hydroelectric stations .
the first written record of britain and its inhabitants was by the greek navigator pytheas , who explored the coastal region of britain around 325 bc .
he said that includes having afghan forces transition, between 2011 and 2014, taking over the security and governance mission in the country and forging a long-term partnership beyond that.
the florida resort lies less than ten feet above sea level; an increasing number of tropical storms are inundating the city; and it is built on porous limestone, which is absorbing the rising seawater.
he died on 12 may 2019 at the age of 80 .
i wish i had known .
in são paulo, which had seen the fiercest clashes the previous week and the main allegations of police violence, large crowds gathered once again but initial reports suggested the marches passed peacefully.
fast sailing ships made it possible to reach distant ports and to sustain close ties between the center and colonies.
he decided to buy flowers for his wife while he was out .
matches may also be played on tuesdays or wednesdays instead of the regular thursdays due to scheduling conflicts .
that 's the house where we hope to live .
because of the plentiful blossoms and small fruit , crabapples are popular for use in bonsai culture .
dried bay leaves are often used in spaghetti sauce .
she always had an apple for snack .
on monday debby and tommy were walking home.
they belong in this group to the extent that they value and distinguish women’s specific sexual difference from men’s.
then he ate his soup.
attendance dropped by more than 100,000 from 6.58 million to 6.48 million.
her mother was sitting in a chair.
situated on the southern edge of the sahara, it acquired a near-mythical status in distant countries for its fabled inaccessibility, and for the accounts of the dazzling material and intellectual wealth to be found there.
visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza between the administrative buildings and the museum entrance .
many of the details of the galaxy remain a mystery , foremost of which is how it formed .
the championship game had a large crowd .
fonda told an interviewer: “we believe that the daily, inveterate use of coca leaves by chewing … is not only thoroughly noxious and therefore detrimental, but is also the cause of racial degeneration in many centres of population, and of the decadence that visibly shows in numerous indians … our studies will confirm the certainty of our assertions and we hope we can present a rational plan of action … to attain the absolute and sure abolition of this pernicious habit.” the growing of coca leaves is legal and licensed in bolivia.
in any case, naturalism seems to survive the absence of a sharp boundary.
of the 61 different five - goal games , five instances were achieved in a playoff game .
i can't believe joseph is going to be a father.
nairobi national park is a protected ecosystem where various types of wildlife find hiding place.
by the end of the year french armies had won victories on all fronts .
increasingly few obstetricians would claim that intense medicalization straightforwardly promotes good birth outcomes for mothers and infants; rather, almost all would acknowledge that while medical interventions have lessened many risks (e.g.
in 2017 , he announced he would run for governor of alaska in 2018 , but left the race in september 2017 .
he thought about all the work he had done that day.
of all aldehydes , formaldehyde is produced on the largest scale , about .
you are not helpless so pull it together .
sgr a west looks like a three - arm spiral from the point of view of the earth .
the longer you keep complaining, the longer it'll feel.
farren died on 3 february 2016 of cancer .
these beetles are considered rare .
the book was first published in 1975 , then reprinted in 1976 .
some investors remain skeptical on canadian oil companies, among the world’s most carbon-intensive producers, though they are bouncing back faster from the pandemic than the united states.
the u.s. supreme court ruled in favor of marriage equality this week.
000 is the primary emergency telephone number in australia .
nitrogen dioxide is formed in most combustion processes using air as the oxidant .
because metals are good conductors of electricity , they are valuable in electrical appliances and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss or dissipation .
her career started in 1950 .
how has he remained in office?
the security guard stopped the thieves .
mastic is used in food , medicine , and industry .
ethiopia’s growing middle class is also pushing up demand for teff and rising domestic prices have put the grain out of reach of the poorest.
more than 5,000 people in the united states died from this heat wave .
she was watching sharon.
eunomia appears to be a stretched but fairly round body , with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions .
a number of currencies were official iso 4217 currency codes and currency names until their replacement by the euro or other currencies .
she is the program administrator so ask her .
but that legislative priority has hit a roadblock in congress, where republican leaders have indicated there is little hope for a breakthrough this year before the midterms.
drawing on household panel surveys, the report found that, in parts of rural kenya and in south africa, 30 to 40% of those who escaped from poverty fell back, rising to 60% in some areas of ethiopia between 1999 and 2009.
he says, “since there cannot be good laws without good arms, i will not consider laws but speak of arms” (prince cw 47).
he was cold.
“the technical brilliance is so dazzling that people can’t see the moral squalor of what they’re doing,” he writes.
mycobacterial infections are difficult to treat .
(in this entry, “needs” and “important interests” are used interchangeably).
led by miguel nicolelis, a pioneer of devices that allow paralyzed people to control computers and robotic arms with their thoughts, the researchers say their latest work may enable multiple brains to be hooked up to share information.
valentine's day (or saint valentine's day) is a holiday that, in the united states, takes place on february 14, and technically signifies the accomplishments of st. valentine, a third-century roman saint.
in particle accelerators the beamline is usually housed in a tunnel and / or underground , cased inside a cement housing .
mania can also be caused by physical trauma or illness .
he will be safe if he doesn't open the door.
one of the members of the commission was henry of ghent, as he himself testifies in his quodlibet ii.
the species in this family vary in size , from 1.5 cm to 12 cm .
next month he would be outside his apartment.
the two common forms of playing golf are match play and stroke play .
but post-structuralism—along with critiques articulated by some feminists, critical race theorists, and critics of eurocentrism—calls these values and principles into question.
superscalar cpu design is concerned with improving accuracy of the instruction dispatcher , and allowing it to keep the multiple functional units busy at all times .
if someone gave her a job, she would be so happy.
ambush or sit-and - wait predators are carnivorous animals that capture prey by stealth or surprise .
if we want to preserve them, we need to make sure that the digital objects we create today can still be rendered far into the future,” he added.
“we shouldn’t be talking about people-predator conflict; we have conflict between people about predators.
it was found that exercise increases vitality .
i do n't often wear ball gowns .
but in elementary arithmetic this form is used rather often .
the song is about people that are suffering which also includes a girl with cancer .
many kinds of fruit have tough skin on the outside that people throw away .
cuba has some of the lowest connectivity rates on the planet, with dial-up accounts closely restricted and at-home broadband almost unheard of except in the case of foreigners who pay hundreds of dollars a month for the service in a country where the average salary is between $17 and $20 a month.
the band - gap energy of semiconductors tends to decrease with increasing temperature .
if he had been married , it 'd be okay .
anderson’s empiricism has no time for representational views of truth, nor for the traditional empiricist entities of sense data or ideas.
i've never slept in a tent before.
this city is just one example of a problem caused not so much by global warming as human over-expansion in the face of finite resources.
i'm going at 1:00 a.m. dude, it's not even open that late.
we know what the issues are; let’s solve them.” obama, in an initially off-the-record interview during the campaign, expressed optimism of a “grand bargain” with the republicans, one that eluded him in 2011.
the series takes place in the year 2517 , on a variety of planets and moons .
walker fell into a diabetic coma on 11 january 2015 .
jainism postulates that time has no beginning or end .
i ca n't believe she took yours without asking you !
his wife is a lawyer at a big law firm just like him .
i told you he could do it .
she got up from her chair.
they learned how to ask questions.
i don't care.
gout often happens with other medical problems .
i have to ask, why did you decide to tell me?
the charity wateraid will also set up water kiosks around the site, stocking reusable bottles and cups, and offering free refills.
they were the women whose lives were lost .
in 3d , equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis .
you're so lazy.
brindle said he hoped to see the work continue in other northern towns, though the high costs of shipping and airfares to move people and equipment around the vast arctic territory appears to be weighing on google’s ambitions.
9 sep, 15:04 – jonathan davies welcome everyone.
in the overnight hours after formation , the storm was disorganized with a shabby and abstracted center of circulation .
it was getting cold.
there's a restroom in the market across from us though.
twelve matches were contested at the event , including three matches contested on the pre-show .
the purpose of classification is to protect information .
i'll help you.
they do not need the ipcc to tell them that the weather is changing,” said saleemul huq, director of the international centre for climate change and development, based in dhaka.
the baby 's room was decorated in pastel colors .
it has a yellow dress.
according to tonagawa, both false and genuinememories seem to rely on the same brain mechanisms.
on foot’s view, we are generally not permitted to do something to someone that would interfere with someone’s negative rights, for example, we may not steal someone’s property; yet we may not be required to actively secure their possession of it, that is, we may allow them to lose their property.
just a few years ago, the notion of a cure for hiv was considered by many to be heretical.
the university has its own campus with a total area of 35 000m2 .
today the gnc is beating the drums of war.
she could see other houses.
products made from neem trees have been used in india for over two millennia for their medicinal properties .
a barograph is a device which records barometric readings on paper .
larry claims he saw an eagle .
her letter would have lots of news, too.
it's my first time applying for a card here.
female pandas may give birth to two young .
hello, is this the smith residence?
while on treatment for hiv, brown was diagnosed with leukemia.
base jumping grew out of skydiving .
leon called on politicians to work inclusively and democratically for a political road map and to enable peaceful early parliamentary elections.
i believe it was unlikely that john will be awarded a full scholarship but i 'm sure he will get a partial scholarship .
he was very good.
infact, people fear injections and drills that are used in dental clinics.
the biker rode through a group of pedestrians .
the lobster was overcooked .
they reduced the price of their products to make the customers want to buy them .
the article offered a link to a site in which chinese bloggers criticize cnn's coverage.
timbuktu's outstanding earthen architectural wonders that are the great mosques of djingareyber, sankore and sidi yahia, must be safeguarded, she said.
are there any other options?
however , species vary in the details .
what i said was that i did n't believe in all the hype about global warming , not that i did n't believe in climate change .
in recent history, it has been defined by most religions, and the states, as one man and a woman.
the cause of the christmas island pipistrelle 's decline is unknown .
appalling in its own right, the senate republicansdefeat of the 21st century's first human rights treaty is a sad but sharp reminder that misinformation and fear can still override fundamental principles of human decency and common sense.
there are at least 33 islands in the atoll .
how could this man work?
it's called godwin's law.
teens giving birth before they are ready to provide emotional and financial support is not a good way to raise children, said administration commissioner robert doar.
scotland has the joint oldest national football team in the world as they played england in the first ever international football match in 1872 .
in the years between convict settlement and the start of the modern tourist industry the area most people worked in the timber industry and fishing .
people do not always realize that even during off season athletes are constantly training and practicing .
her mom lived in china.
buber’s text reduces the relation between persons, animate objects, and deity to three expressive signifiers: “i”, “you”, and “it”.
no matter how quietly i come in , he always wakes .
how much do i owe you?
the gathering of swamp deer in the park 's grasslands is the largest in the world .
the school allowed him to perform .
on earth , most basalt magmas have formed by melting of the mantle .
she knew how to cook rice in multiple ways .
three foot messengers are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .
in cases where infections are related to intercourse , taking antibiotics afterwards may be useful .
high latitude countries, such as in europe or north america, are expected to receive more rainfall, but many subtropical arid and semi-arid regions will likely experience less precipitation.
thirty three first person poems that describe various moments during an eleven-year - old boy 's day at the beach .
students need to know that what they learn in school will be useful to them later .
she smoked cigarettes for 30 years.
the orbital parameters of dark matter (dm) subhaloes play an essential role in determining their mass-loss rates and overall spatial distribution within a host halo.
they tend to be well-read, educated by previous health-care experiences, and much more discriminating in their own choice of practitioners and treatment methods.
he followed her.
the flyweight division was the last of boxing 's eight traditional weight classes to be established .
the center of a subtropical gyre is a high pressure zone .
i asked the bus driver to tell me when to get off .
gaelic football is the most popular of the gaelic games and is played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with h-shaped goals at each end .
after a two-hour operation, kernes was out of surgery but in critical condition, the city office said.
it was as if a giant hand had shaken her house.
rolling resistance is also the reason at least one historical human civilization abandoned the use of wheels .
here comes the school bus.
he was okay.
her arm was broken .
the president of the company claimed one of his employees stole the money .
as a result of the development of agriculture in the south , many important cultural advances were made there .
“the supply side is broken.”
but eventually , the two women tell each other the truth .
there were not many swimmers in the water .
recently , m82 has undergone at least one tidal encounter with m81 .
this was “an exceptional decision ”, the panel said, for which it found “no rationale ”.
alcoholism can cause many health problems .
i'm down to go to the record store.
5566 not only work together as a group , but also individually .
he walked around the garden .
because such pebbles were used for calculation, the meaning of the word has evolved and today usually means a method of computation.
as the evolution of artillery continued , almost all guns of any size became capable of being moved at some speed .
trevor hicks, the president of the hfsg, both of whose teenage daughters, sarah and victoria, died in the crush, said: “the truth is out today.
the third theme was used from 1962 to 1967 .
scientists keep doing research on ways to prevent and treat dengue .
on some views self-consciousness requires awareness of others, on another view the awareness of others requires self-consciousness.
“overall, we correctly classified 82.2% (truths: 88.9%; lies: 75.6%) of the interviewees as either being truthful or deceptive based on the combined movement in their individual limbs,” the report says.
a spokesman for the bpi, the record industry trade body, said: “mike weatherley is a strong champion of copyright and the artists and creative producers it’s there to protect.
critical to the science , trees from the same region tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period of chronological study .
"it's a deal.
food power is part of food politics .
have you got your homework ?
the book had 30 pages in it.
the tiger shark is found in many different kinds of marine habitats , but it usually prefers murky waters in coastal areas .
viral infections in animals provoke an immune response that usually eliminates the infecting virus .
did you forget yours ?
the fundamental plane is the plane of the earth 's orbit , called the ecliptic plane .
the island has a mild climate but is known for frequent hurricanes .
but few here seem to expect things to get any better.
jeff thanked his teacher.
they were getting sick from the flu.
while biological sex was fixed, in rubin’s view, gender was a social construction that served to divide the sexes and privilege men.
the radio was on.
it recorded everything he did.
she whispered so as not to wake him .
but last week, a group calling itself the supporters of the islamic state in yemen released a video pledging allegiance to al-baghdadi, calling him the caliph of the muslims... the mujahid in the first row of attack against america.
outside france , baguettes are also made with other doughs .
the presents sat unopened under the tree .
the recent breakthrough in artificial intelligence in the form of tabula-rasa learning of alphago zero [14] also owes a fair share to deep residual networks (resnets) [15] that were originally proposed for the task of image recognition.
she didn't need to hear about more problems in the world.
many of the objections to the argument contend that god is an inappropriate cause because of god’s nature.
in some photos , the crosshairs are rotated .
the records or ‘monuments’ of the earth’s past indicate a constant process of the ‘introduction’ and ‘extinction’ of species, and it is the geologist’s task to search for the causes of these introductions and extinctions, according to the strictures note in 3., above.
in january 2013 jenneke was ranked tenth on askmen. com 's 99 most desirable women 2013 .
he is the only member of the seven lucky gods credited with the ability to revive the dead .
his new car has one hood.
historians have noted that washington 's death helped alter the way lynching was viewed .
trailways members are spread across north america .
but he is lucky.
he is only 61 years old.
technology is a resource-liberating force, he said, maintaining that a planet bathed in solar energy and covered with water wo n't lack the ingredients for a productive life.
the aid includes medical kits, food and emergency supplies, south korea unification ministry spokesman chun hae-sung told reporters.
nahuatl has been spoken in central mexico since at least the seventh century ce .
many experimental programmes have been run on the c651 cars , including the past program .
days later, desaki resigned, conceding that the hotel group had “betrayed our customers”, although he added: “we never had the intention to deceive them.” one of the hotel’s head chefs later declined a medal of honour he was due to receive from the government.
there have been a number of .
arns died on january 12 , 2010 as a result of the 2010 haiti earthquake .
in a straightforward example the two bromine atoms in 3 - tert- butyl- trans - 1, 2 - dibromohexane mutarotate by heating .
aftershocks followed the main quake saturday night, including one measured at magnitude 4.1, the japan meteorological agency said.
“they support an arbitrary and over-broad provision and apply international drug laws in a vacuum.
china’s official xinhua news agency had accused washington of jeopardizing other countries’ dollar assets.
the remaining three of the 33 tracks are instrumentals .
we hope our future findings along this line will further alert legislatures and legal experts to how unreliable memory can be.” chris french, head of the anomalistic psychology research unit at goldsmiths, university of london, is a leading researcher in false memories in people.
other options to feed people include eliminating waste and increasing trade between countries in food surplus and those in deficit.
she wanted to give him a birthday present.
he set his alarm for 5 o'clock.
one example of an epigenetic change in eukaryotic biology is the process of cellular differentiation .
the election used a supplementary vote system , in which voters express a first and a second preference of candidates .
she asked kathy.
in this understanding, we have come to something that we can agree or disagree with, something that in any case expands or changes our views about the role of reason in politics (and no doubt then also of public discourse and the causes of war), and, finally, something that can also teach us something about ourselves and the world in which we find ourselves.
mud splashed by our boots made a mess .
as a field bent on changing the world, even liberal feminist theorists tended to criticize liberalism as much or more than they embraced it, and to embrace socialism and other more radical points of view more than to reject them.
"there aren't enough visitors," molly said.
teenage parenthood is simply not the disastrous and life-compromising event these ads portray, it said.
some networks have made changes to prevent them from being utilized by such multi-network im clients .
the cause of the vibrations during the first stage of the flight was well known .
the indie game scene started on pcs , where it remains prominent .
the system would be strong enough to cover all nato european territory and populations, as well as the united states, obama told reporters in lisbon, portugal.
in addition , the season has won many awards during its runtime .
knockouts are accomplished through a variety of techniques .
john was herding his sheep .
he was hit by a car after school the other day.
smith said that, instead of buying bottled water, festival-goers should take advantage of the water on tap, which is being drawn from huge underground reservoirs, instead of old-fashioned water tanks that provided heavily chlorinated drinking water.
one day she would be taller than her friends.
among those also charged on thursday were rafael salguero, a guatemalan who left the executive committee in may; the former south american confederation secretary general, eduardo deluca; peru’s former football federation president, manuel burga; and bolivia’s football president, carlos chaves, already jailed in his own country.
he sat on his bed.
we should take all of what we 're doing at the federal level and say, what are the things we 're doing that we do n't have to do ?
some of the big kinetic energy found with flow at large mach numbers becomes internal energy in the fluid because of viscosity .
flynt has mentioned that he has bipolar disorder .
there are two categories of methods for solving a system of linear equations .
brian looked around the store.
these studies have also led to many important novelties being added to the toolbox of philosophers of science.
she made many friends before leaving the country .
this is made of paper .
the upper side of the wings is a dark reddish - brown color .
she could never cook pancakes properly .
lynx prey mostly on small to fairly large sized mammals and birds .
cancer has existed for all of human history .
they have no body cavity , and no circulatory or respiratory system .
one balances a chemical equation by changing the scalar number for each chemical formula .
nanomaterials can be classified in 0d , 1d , 2d and 3d nanomaterials .
they chase him, but they can't catch him.
the new house seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes around its perimeter .
ireland died of cancer on 31 july 2014 aged 68 .
do you think you were changed by what you saw ?
in the late 19th century , japan was still largely unknown and exotic to westerners .
i 'll spread my cloak on the grass for us .
her car was in the street.
many objects with sponge- like textures are now made of substances that do not come from poriferans .
he found his jacket.
there were only a small number of men who were healthy .
if he switches you, what position will you play?
it also opens the possibility of communications made entirely within the us being collected without warrants.
16 - bit programs usually run in a single virtual dos machine , sharing memory between them .
cadmium sulfate is used to electroplate cadmium on electronic circuits .
many foods can trigger anaphylaxis , even when the food is eaten for the first time .
he wrote his sister a long letter.
they are equipped with mobile units discovered , such as jeeps or convertibles , thanks to which they can quickly reach the required events .
he took the filler home.
an elbow smash is where a wrestler makes a punching motion , tucks their hand towards their chest so the elbow and forearm make contact .
she was crossing the street.
they are unusually small frogs , only 5 cm in length .
2014; bose et al.
he eats a bowl of cereal with milk.
the flowers are small , and plentiful .
in understanding a process , the process is typically mapped out and the process is monitored using control charts .
in canada , charters are granted by provincial authorities .
there are a variety of symptoms that have may cause sensory overload .
this should affect both the abundance and the spatial distribution of subhaloes, since the formation of the earliest, densest structures would be suppressed.
in the early twentieth century, analytic philosophers of science started to apply modern logic to the study of science.
every dollar counts.
i have enough for the washer and dryer.
on the present account, all of these elements are required: there has to be a separation; the separation has to be problematic; and it has to obtain between a subject and object that properly belong together.
i sent my girlfriend red roses .
"i don't know where your pencil is," she said.
that movie will outline a rebel mission to steal the plans of the death star, a key plot element of the first film in 1977.
descartes, malebranche, leibniz, and berkeley all express similar views.
the alphabet song?
as well as industrial uses , maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree , planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates .
the song gained popularity in september 2016 , when the first remix was uploaded onto the youtube channel siivagunner .
the mystery of mysteries.
even then it was initially rejected for its potential to undermine the traditional skills of forensic scientists and pathologists.
"i can count money.
a fundamental profitable area and a significant source of export income for ghana over the past years have been cocoa.
brent said, "what?"
in economics capital accumulation is often seen as the same as investment .
well, it doesn't take that long to finish a magazine.
the government 's main concern has been to improve the economy .
superscalar cpu design emphasizes improving the instruction dispatcher accuracy , and allowing it to keep the multiple execution units in use at all times .
he loved the weight.
by firing missiles, threatening neighbors and acting erratically, north korea portrays itself as mysterious and volatile, and even that perception magnifies its ability to create fear, adding to its power and helping keep the despotic regime in control.
the central government of pakistan, which long exerted little control in the area, launched an intense military offensive in late july to flush out the militants.
1; owens 1988).
deep seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common .
in an extension of his ionic theory arrhenius proposed definitions for acids and bases , in 1884 .
the emergence of haftar and his self-declared libyan national army escalated tensions last week, as the retired general called for the overthrow of the gnc he described as illegitimate.
apart from giving donations to major educational institutions throughout india , he introduced many educational reforms during his reign .
i have to think about it then.
it was extolled in classic modern works by hobbes, locke, and rousseau and is returning to center stage in the debate, though philosophers are now more skeptical (see below).
if you answered yes to the above questions, we’d like you to be on our team!
they may be at the restaurant already .
he was carrying a money bag.
the smiths live in a house.
following the collapse of highways in kobe after the earthquake , standards changed for new roads that were built .
a birdbath is an attraction for many different species of birds to visit gardens , especially during the summer and drought periods .
the long pit straight has also been utilized for drag racing .
ballet died on 2 january 2017 at the age of 88 .
say good - bye to her old life .
i 'd like you to set the table for dinner .
constructive interference occurs when the waves are in phase , and destructive interference when they are half a cycle out of phase .
the simplest form of term life insurance is a one-year contract .
you are getting a baby sister.
cocoa production differ markedly on yearly basis because of unpredicted climate conditions, pests and disease invasions and sporadic economic situations triggering harvests and prices to sway widely.
“basically there will be no such thing as the perfect murder any more as a virtual autopsy allows you to find every piece of evidence,” he said.
i am close friends with my sister- in- law .
“the results do not suggest that plague or anthrax is prevalent,” the study says.
insurance companies ought to give crop insurance to farmers at moderate rates of gh¢ 215.59 per year to encourage their participation.
he washed it with dishwashing soap and water.
to a large extent this is because logic itself is timeless.
a single leader makes a musical statement , and then the chorus responds together .
she reshaped the politics of a whole generation.
if life has no fundamental purpose or meaning that reason can articulate, we cannot help asking about why we continue to live and to reason.
stocks on wall street were trading higher.
"never be in a hurry.
prior to the opening of the station , it was supposed to be called museum .
thank you for your kindness.
conceptual difficulties have plagued quantum mechanics since its inception, despite its extraordinary predictive successes.
some rice proteins are regarded as the causes of allergy in some people .
in contrast to capitalism, socialism can be defined as a type of society in which, at a minimum, (i) is turned into (i*): (i*) the bulk of the means of production is under social, democratic control.
every year we go to florida.
what position will you be playing?
in the empirical sense, “outer” simply refers to objects of outer sense, objects in space.
males and females look very similar except during the breeding season when the most conspicuous difference is a swollen gland around the male 's vent .
in 2018 , there are eleven senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the first mayor .
the lump felt like a small stone.
company groovy is a german clothes company that has shops in countries across europe.
then the arm put the can back on the street.
whether it needs reinvigorating is questionable.
she added that the magazine could not control their resale as it did not own the original images.
in march 2007 , the media reported a dispute over the final cut of the movie .
an often studied electrocyclic reaction is the conrotatory thermal ring-opening of benzocyclobutene .
one evening brad drove to the gas station.
let 's eat fish as many times as possible .
a duchy is the territory or geopolitical entity ruled by a duke , whereas his title or area is often called a dukedom .
her daughter wants to become a personal trainer .
an interval that is open does not include the beginning or the end .
most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms , with one design emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color .
blood flows from the heart through arteries , which branch and narrow into arterioles , and then branch further into capillaries where nutrients and wastes are exchanged .
to make breakfast, lunch, and dinner daily, these persons must have the required foods and ingredients on hand and ready to go; foods and ingredients are typically purchased from a grocery store, or an establishment that distributes foods, drinks, household products, and other items that're used by the typical consumer.
the announcement brings the curtain down on weeks of internal divisions within hyundai motor co group - parent to both automakers - about the potential tieup, with some executives raising concerns about becoming a contract manufacturer for the u.s. tech giant.
but next month he would not be okay.
the first ever international cricket match was played between canada and the united states , on the 24 and 25 september 1844 .
however, live radio and print-based media have all but disappeared from their daily diet.
the synthetic marijuana that emily bauer consumed was likely one of the second generation of synthetic marijuana chemicals.
i 'd be so happy if she lived here .
diamond is one of the best known allotropes of carbon .
based on the findings, the government could consider relocating the park to a place with better environmental attributes.
there are differences between the two sets of dates .
no other flag has 50 stars.
at a private breakfast monday for supporters, rubio described running against one candidate in the race who's from yesterday, and one who wants to take us back to yesterday.
i am busy tomorrow night, but i am free the night after.
in march 2011 , the band annoucned they would take a break .
these animals have a long tail , small eyes , and few pectoral - fin radials .
twenty - eight merchant ships laden with more than 34000 st of cargo were sunk or destroyed ; three ships carrying a further 7500 st were later salvaged .
she sees a rabbit.
eros was one of the first asteroids visited by a spacecraft , the first one orbited , and the first one soft-landed on .
this phone looks damaged .
it involves extensive procedures, specifically approved by the court, to ensure that only non-us persons outside the us are targeted and that minimize the acquisition, retention and dissemination of incidentally acquired information about us persons.
she blew her nose.
classical thermodynamic systems cannot achieve negative temperatures : adding heat always increases their entropy .
adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue .
but for many of his students it was precisely anderson’s secessionist traditional stance that was the key to the great value of an andersonian education.
it's okay, because i don't even like this library.
the network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open-source projects .
the house has a garden.
he worked hard to get into the school .
organs are made up of more than one kind of tissue .
the innovation that led to flatbread pizza was the use of tomato as a topping .
what i am calling problematic separations might be indicated by a wide variety of words and phrases.
have you seen my book ?
the area of study for pollen and spores , including fossils , is called palynology .
it was on top of the microwave.
in 2004 , charges were laid against seven men living on pitcairn and six living abroad .
u.s. shale production will not quickly rebound, given the capital required and debt producers are carrying, lending oil prices support, said rafi tahmazian, senior portfolio manager at calgary-based canoe financial lp.
she was as beautiful as they said .
in an article for index on censorship, pullman, who is president of the society of authors, makes a robust defence of copyright laws.
the population density of the scottish highlands is nine people per sq km.
politicians are known for their rhetoric , as in speeches or campaign advertisements .
the gymnosperms and angiosperms together compose the spermatophytes or seed plants .
a monkey was sent into space .
the novel is told through narratives alternating between two periods and is largely told in the third - person omniscient mode .
economists polled by reuters had forecast 830,000 applications for the latest week.
charlie brown has a friend called pig pen .
his car is too fast for the police.
thus, the derivative of a function called f is denoted by f′, pronounced "f prime".
the ball bounced up and down.
she used to eat pork.
the purpose of classification is to protect information from being used to damage or cause danger to national security .
the population is almost entirely french-speaking .
each region is named after its capital .
it is still unclear what causes gestational diabetes .
many motherboards display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure .
bharal are active throughout the day , feeding and resting on the grassy mountain slopes .
'” as far as langley is concerned, richard was the true king, the last king of the north, a worthy and brave leader who became a victim of some of the most brilliant propaganda in history, in the hands of the tudors’ image- maker, shakespeare.
while admission to some concerts is free , charging for tickets is very common .
the frequency chosen for measuring candelas is in the visible spectrum near green .
during the fourteenth century, this collection grew significantly, so that, in fact, a second, augmented collection came into existence.
the new vaccine protected most people from the virus.
she said she had a vacant room.
some friends acknowledge each other with exchanges of gifts and cards on this day .
egyptian athletes have won a total of 24 medals .
i'm excited to learn in a totally new environment.
the shell color keeps the animal hidden in the water .
his friend said, "that sounds great.
where did you get it?
the classic varve archetype is a light / dark colored couplet deposited in a glacial lake .
the basic economical activity of this department is cattle raising .
it didn't move.
weekends are for sleeping in."
he looked at his silver fork.
the distinction may correspond to armour-garb and woodbridge’s (2015) distinction between extrinsic and intrinsic pretense.
historically, timbuktu's legend began to spread throughout the medieval world when the emperor of mali made his pilgrimage to mecca through cairo in 1324, and dazzled those he encountered with the gold his party carried.
second, the rule provides some protection to would-be defendants and their privacy.
glavin said krumpf said he had orders to shoot any prisoners who survived.
these proposals are centered on creating an independent internet identity for linguistic and cultural communities .
against a backdrop of crises in syria, south sudan and the central african republic, conflict and environmental disasters have to be addressed, and the report says it is essential that governments work to reduce the risk of conflict and to establish inclusive peace settlements.
stm is based on the concept of quantum tunneling .
her eyes were closed .
ics have two main advantages over discrete circuits : cost and performance .
she is usually understanding .
tutts sometimes bring a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances and cyclones so tutts can reduce cyclone development .
nick was in pain every day.
the two teams had never met before .
blobfish are often caught accidentally in bottom trawling nets .
i hope you enjoy the movie.
in the us , more than 200,000 surgeries are done to fix reproductive organs bulging out of the vagina .
absinthe has a natural green color but may also be colorless .
in 2004 , the national university system underwent partial privatization .
grime emerged in the early 2000s in london .
he has been dieting since his heart attack last spring .
cloud forests appear only in few areas above 500 metres but they provide habitat to several endemic flora .
p. s. yu is with department of computer science, university of illinois at chicago, chicago, il 60607-7053, usa (email: psyu@uic.edu) corresponding author: shirui pan.
"you're right," he said.
are there fewer chances now ?
can you say yes in english?
it first appeared as a mimeograph titled philosophical fragments in 1944.
(it should quickly be mentioned that hair occupies the space on top of the head, and the ears, the organs responsible for hearing, are located on either side of the head.)
on december 19 , 2012 , evidence was presented for a system of five planets orbiting tau ceti .
over the past 20 years, for example, the desert has grown by more than 260 acres around the trading and religious centre of chinguetti, which has seen its population decline from 20,000 people in the mid-twentieth century to just a few thousand now.
a person consuming a dangerous amount of alcohol persistently can develop memory blackouts and idiosyncratic intoxication or pathological drunkenness symptoms .
the series remains popular today for its lovely , yet often realistic , depiction of childhood and the interplay between children 's imagination and reality .
hedge funds’ bullish bets come despite the international energy agency warning in january a spike in new coronavirus cases will hamper oil demand this year, and a slow economic recovery would delay a full rebound in world energy demand to 2025.
can you even cook?
neighborhoods are usually created by social interaction between people living near each another .
early in the 16th century, reports of the city on the sand -- then part of the songhay empire -- filtered back to europe through the moorish diplomat and writer leo africanus, adding to the city's near-mythical status as an african el dorado.
ofsp are rich in beta carotene, a vitamin a precursor for improving the nutrition of people especially children under five years of age.
the bones were those of a very short man , little over four feet tall , who may have suffered from a form of congenital dwarfism .
michelle felt the earthquake.
psyche is massive enough that its perturbations on other asteroids can be measured , which enables a mass measurement .
the park has been frequently closed to visitors because of sulphuric gas emissions .
i'm so happy.
the strong taste that people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process .
nematode species look very similar to one another .
there are plans to build a new library at my school .
in law , affinity may be relevant in relation to prohibitions on incestuous sexual relations and in relation to whether particular couples are prohibited from marrying .
the use of military units for civilian police is common to many eras and cultures .
basil suffers from several plant diseases that can ruin the crop and reduce yield .
the vagina is an elastic , muscular tube .
handedness seems to follow from the brain hemisphere division of labor .
unfortunately, neither nietzsche’s ideas about the nature of value creation nor his suggestions about what specific values should be “created” have seemed as clear to readers as his negative critique of traditional values.
what's a no-hitter?
you might try contacting your professor before you register for his class .
“nine hundred million people already go hungry and two billion people are malnourished in spite of the fact that per-capita food production continues to increase,” they said.
campaigners say that plastic water bottles can take hundreds or even thousands of years to completely biodegrade, with their manufacture exacerbating their negative ecological impact.
“it was done to remove criticism of the police,” scraton said.
in 1964 and 1965 , 12 rockets were launched from carnarvon to a maximum altitude of 120 km .
the team also cut a path along part of a 15km cul-de-sac known as the road to nowhere, despite warnings about the risk from polar bears and other wildlife.
to date , one class 01 / 5 registered locomotive has been preserved .
737s are not equipped with fuel dump systems .
that boy seems interested in you .
the crop has consistent reliable yields, due to the reason that it can be grown on marginal land, and thus suitable for areas with long dry seasons.
the standard method of travel was by foot , as wheeled carts were almost nonexistent and heavy cargo was usually sent by boat .
why is the news usually bad?
yeah, i love when the sun is shining, but it's not too hot.
lifeline has more than 260 retail outlets around australia that sell clothes and furniture to make enough money to pay for training and office space they use .
the teacher spoke only spanish.
capitalism displays the following constitutive features: (i) the bulk of the means of production is privately owned and controlled.
boats may be sailed using a jib alone , but more commonly jibs make a minor direct contribution to propulsion compared to a main sail .
the county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still mostly rural .
alex dropped out.
the police want to catch him.
the content was relevant and easy to follow.
there are some common ways used to stretch piercings , of different origins and useful for different people .
bartholin 's glands secrete mucus to provide vaginal lubrication during sexual arousal .
the regular season ends in the middle of april .
let's go to the movies instead?
can you keep a secret ?
reuters directly observed several chinese-language ‘club’ conversations where thousands of users listened to wide-ranging audio discussions covering topics including xinjiang detention camps, taiwan independence and hong kong’s national security law.
across the country, and in neighbouring eritrea, diners gather around large pieces of injera, which doubles as cutlery, scooping up stews and feeding one another as a sign of loyalty or friendship – a tradition known as gursha.
early photographers used it as a component of flash powder .
“i don’t know how long this environment can last”, said one user in a popular weibo post that was liked over 65,000 times.
teacher, i have a question.
though camus seemed modest when describing his intellectual ambitions, he was confident enough as a philosopher to articulate not only his own philosophy but also a critique of religion and a fundamental critique of modernity.
these qualities bring us to one of bruni’s favorite concepts in his political theory: harmonious cooperation and balance among all groups and classes within the city.
"can i drive the car now?"
the blame, most agree, sits with unsustainable human consumption damaging ecosystems, creating climate change and destroying habitats at a far faster rate than previously thought.
i do n't think that they will show the movie yet .
any job was better than the one she had worked before .
some of the original movie actors were n't available to reprise their roles .
he needed to see a doctor.
potassium ions are vital for the functioning of all living cells .
it enables them to cross-pollinate ideas, diversify their expertise and innovate.
be careful of snakes when you rock climb .
she asked for an extra napkin .
it suggested that they, no less than mortal men, are subject to the blind ‘almighty time’ that rules over all.
other forms of ph are far more common .
one promising place to begin understanding transcendental idealism is to look at the other philosophical positions from which kant distinguishes it.
an austrian man who participated in a nazi massacre of jews during world war ii and later gained u.s. citizenship has been deported to austria, u.s. officials said.
these auxiliaries help make a question , show tense , or make passive voice .
during the industrialization the textile industry prospered .
there are several algorithms for solving a system of linear equations .
magnesium reacted with an alkyl halide gives a gringard reagent , which is a very useful tool for preparing alcohols .
this is how he has survived massive anti-government protests, a damaging feud with former islamist allies and a high profile corruption scandal, an appallingly mismanaged industrial disaster and successive foreign policy debacles -- latest being the abduction of 49 turkish diplomats and consulate workers in mosul by isis militants, whose rise some critics attribute in part to the akp government's open border policy for jihadis fighting in syria -- all in the space of a year.
the car in front of mine suddenly slowed to a crawl and then stopped , blocking all the bridge traffic .
the steppe region had long been inhabited by mounted nomads , and from the central steppes they could reach all areas of the asian continent .
i hope to be a nice mother - in- law .
the author told us why the story ended the way it did .
the use of all-body suits is expensive – they cost about £30,000 – and can be uncomfortable, and anderson and his colleagues are now looking at low-cost alternatives.
ted, a nonprofit, makes many of the talks freely available on its site.
at the weekend we are planning to go out together to watch a film.
the island has an area of about 174 km .
a source said: “they always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy.” maud sobel, a lawyer for the royal couple in paris, described it as “a wonderful decision,” adding: “we’ve been vindicated.” though pleased their civil action has succeeded, the couple have taken the rare step of seeking to have a much more public criminal prosecution for breach of privacy brought against the magazine and photographer or photographers responsible.
china has also called for emergency talks among all the six countries -- north korea, south korea, china, the united states, japan and russia -- to address the tensions on the korean peninsula.
i would like to purchase the book for sociology 130.
one third of the world’s arable land is used to grow crops to feed animals.
if i had known her , i 'd tell you .
only by means of the proper application of power, machiavelli believes, can individuals be brought to obey and will the ruler be able to maintain the state in safety and security.
she needs money for college.
i caught him copying a classmate's test today.
during the war , the town was completely destroyed .
i memorized it!
ammunition makers often offer several bullet weights and types for a given cartridge .
this suborder contains only two families at present .
sgr a west has the appearance of a three - arm spiral , from the point of view of the earth .
japan’s hashima island was turned into a concrete city in 1887 to exploit undersea coal reserves – but, in 1974, with coal supplies nearing depletion, the mine was closed and hashima was abandoned.
i just wanted to let you know that james is doing very well.
the door was not locked , so we came right in .
different radio stations want their djs to speak only at certain times .
the company was also the first in the industry to make a gas-fired generator to electrify pipelines so they would n't corrode so much .
strebelle was a knwon artist for more than 65 years , and his works are found in private collections and public settings around the world .
the greater roadrunner nests on a platform of sticks low in a cactus or a bush and lays three to six eggs , which hatch in 20 days .
the ships headed for the taiwanese coast .
big us cities like los angeles, seattle and chicago are working to make better use of their streets by adding more bus lanes, augmenting pedestrian walkways and expanding their rail options, while at the same time working with the private sector on advanced technologies that will allow a vehicle to drive itself and communicate with other vehicles and its environment, essentially making transportation intelligent.
i knew exactly what this group of boys was up to .
year after year, studies such as one last week from the directors guild of america, as well as reports from who makes the news and the women's media center status on women in media document exactly how distorted mainstream media ownership, management and production remain.
i shop where i see happy employees .
the judges are elected for a 12 - year term , but they must retire upon reaching the age of 68 .
in 1792 it was closed and became a warehouse .
bees are usually harmless .
jane said she would call lisa back.
"someday you will be a famous painter."
there was a significant difference, however, in a university such as utrecht between not relying on scholastic forms and criticizing them publicly.
as well as comfortably winning more than the required 270 electoral college votes, he also secured a higher share of the popular vote.
is it your birthday ?
my course is great and i’m enjoying learning french.
routers connect two or more networks and direct traffic between them .
some students share usb drives but i do n't like to share mine .
all species of yew contain highly poisonous alkaloids known as taxanes .
although concentrated in london , the outbreak affected other areas of the country as well .
the national parks act of 1980 was established in order to codify the purpose , governance and selection of national parks .
another serious problem for civilians and soldiers was a shortage of water .
the big mess in the living room is the children's .
axial compressors are dynamic rotating compressors that use arrays of fan-like airfoils to progressively compress a fluid .
he then asserts that there is no point in ratifying the treaty because it would do nothing to force any foreign government to change their laws or to spend resources on the disabled.
his name is peter.
in the exam mobile phones switched off and put away.
juvenile birds do not have the white patches on either side of the neck .
they watch tv in the living room.
my kingdom for a horse!” another sword slash, which also went through the bone and into the brain, would also have proved fatal.
it shows some moves towards healthier diets in recent decades, with shifts to low-calorie soft drinks, from whole to skimmed milk and increasing consumption of fresh fruit.
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 400 to 405 .
he folded the piece of paper in two.
kant’s account of the content of moral requirements and the nature of moral reasoning is based on his analysis of the unique force moral considerations have as reasons to act.
the existence of the universe…can be made comprehensible if we suppose that it is brought about by god.
farm kitchen with barbecue, tables and chairs outside.
before john 's allergic reaction gets worse , i think we should take him to a clinic so they can provide him with exactly what he needs .
during much of the letterpress era , movable type was composed by hand for each page .
she asked her doctor.
i know that, but where do we kick it?
similarly, the opposition groups believe that if they stop now and al-assad remains in power, he will hunt them down.
my name is mary.
goods -only trains were a rarity , and the usual practice was to attach goods wagons to any scheduled passenger services .
the bank guard backed away.
it is true that putin's justification for intervention in ukraine is similar to hitler's, that is, threatening to invade a sovereign territory to defend his ethnic brethren.
but he's very nice."
the two quantifiers most widely used are the universal quantifier and the existence quantifier .
skipper died of problems caused by a stroke on 23 april 2019 .
diego cooked his girlfriend paella .
in the second season , the format of the show changed drastically .
the amount of propellant can be measured either in units of mass or weight .
stubing died on 3 july 2017 at her home in rome from multiple myeloma at the age of 76 .
she would like you to come with us .
they carry basic and advanced life support gear such as forcible entry tools so they can reach people in peril, saws to cut through obstacles, and other emergency equipment.
the whole desire, then, presents itself to your judgement without any supplementary interfering content.
my mother loves black cherries .
a tactical offensive is an operation that is usually smaller or more limited .
driverless cars have been in the headlines ever since google began road testing the vehicles back in 2012 but no-one really knows when driverless cars will become commonplace.
allison is a proponent of the view that §17 contain not only this challenge to hume, but also an attempt to demonstrate that we represent objects on the basis of the conclusions about self-consciousness established in §16.
clerical and administrative support has been greatly increased in recent times .
a program that started making improvements to uk guns in 2007 tried to make the gun lighter and some features better .
her mom said no.
okay, should i pick you up at your house?
investment banking trading revenues soared globally for the entire industry 2020, research firm autonomous said in a recent report which said “nobody thinks this is sustainable”.
i guess everything will be okay in the end.
slavery has existed , in one form or another , throughout the whole of human history .
they said they would never have been involved in such a program.
anyways, you owe $10.
his first discovery was the asteroid 267 tirza in 1887 .
the girls trying out for the team were chosen .
the crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are composed predominantly of basalt , produced from upwelling mantle below , the ocean ridges .
the electron transport chain consists of a spatially separated series of redox reactions in which electrons are transferred from a donor molecule to an acceptor molecule .
little is known about his life .
the atmosphere is modeled as a fluid .
zero-fare services may be funded by national , regional or local government through taxation or by commercial sponsorship by businesses .
some authors even defend an anarchist version of patriotism-moderate nationalism foreshadowed by bakunin (see sparrow 2007).
“it’s important for consumers to always read the fine print and we don’t always do it,” said garrett, a community organizer from charlotte.
the elytra primarily serve as protective wing -cases for the hindwings underneath , which are used for flying .
it is a very little -studied body despite being one of the largest asteroids .
the peninsula's main economic resource is agriculture .
g5 - o33 the horus name is the oldest form of the pharaoh 's name .
the accident had just happened 30 minutes ago.
he felt something.
a dermatologist treats skin conditions .
all the other nurses got a flu shot.
she went straight to sleep.
fold mountains occur when two plates collide .
after a long series of concerts , the band returned to sweden in order to spend time with their families and begin writing songs for their next album .
massive hydrographical studies are usually undertaken by national or international organizations that sponsor data collection through surveys and publication of charts and descriptive materials for navigational purposes .
the second is education, from early childhood to the start of work, to enable people to escape and stay out of poverty.
after winning a victory , and as pursuing the japanese ships became too dangerous near wake , american forces pulled back .
one way to think about mental health is by looking at how well a person lives .
this is bogus.
sympatric speciation is the formation of two or more descendant species from a single ancestral species all occupying the same geographic location .
surface integrals have applications in physics , particularly with the theories of classical electromagnetism .
now his nose was almost two feet above the ground.
dude, someone is selling that book for $30.
it will be fun.
yes, i will definitely be there.
but, they added, the white house remains firmly committed to its trade agenda.
“this needs to stop, which can only happen if we debunk these 'tests'.” another consultant paediatric allergist, adam fox from guys and st thomas’ hospital in london, said: “i get a number of patients, and my colleagues likewise, who will come in having sent their hair off for analysis or having excluded a whole range of foods for their children.
in its basic form , it is simple and strong .
at room temperature , ethane is a flammable gas .
the mouth contains teeth, or small, white-colored, pointed body parts used to chew food, and the tongue, or a red-colored, boneless organ used to chew food and speak.
do you know what to do in an emergency ?
rocks of the cenozoic era yield very large numbers of gastropod fossils , many of these fossils being closely related to modern living forms .
everyone in the bar heard her.
walker died after falling into a diabetic coma on 20 january 2015 , aged 41 .
not this one.
the size of the principal cast was reduced compared to the previous series , with a fixed number of characters appearing in every episode .
if they knew it was impossible to comply with the rules, then the attorneys knew when they filed the complaint that it was fatally defective.
singh, a 42-year-old salesman, and his friends are far from alone.
originally , it was practiced in religion .
“this program was recently reauthorized by congress after extensive hearings and debate.
in addition , there are 19 associate members and one affiliate member .
aid will also be needed for the start-up costs for social assistance, universal health coverage and to finance education, including scholarships for the poorest children.
because ovulation is not always triggered by a single mating , females may not be impregnated by the first male with which they mate .
in 1953 , he began working at a brazilian hospital .
if it was his , where did it go ?
my favorite courses are geometry, french, and history.
do you know anything about the bosnian war ?
there was nothing on the desk when i left your office .
a cigar-smoker most of his life , sugar died from cardiac arrest on march 25 , 2012 .
in straight pool , the person shooting may attempt to pocket any ball on the table .
i don't like that.
a hypernym is sometimes also called an umbrella term or a blanket term .
each v1 sends information to two primary pathways , called the ventral stream and the dorsal stream .
fgm can hurt women 's physical and mental health throughout their lives .
the site was built between 2900 and 2600 bc , though there were possibly earlier buildings before 3000 bc .
the film received mixed to positive reviews .
the later half of the period was an episode of intensive orogeny on virtually all continents .
students sleeping in class often upset teachers .
sock puppets are often used for the education and entertainment of children .
she was a babysitter in her home.
the population was 41,558 at the 2010 census .
but he does not open the door.
a serf had some freedom .
the moment when the earthquake hit , the tsunami sirens began to shriek .
these beetles are significant in forensic entomology .
so far , about 12,000 different species of millipedes have been described .
one banker with direct knowledge of the matter said deutsche is getting closer to the issue of potential mergers as consolidation pressures rise.
architects competed for the olympic stadium design .
how about yourself?
human flight is the final proof of a city’s disintegration.
the nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe, meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the fukushima disaster.
i may need to use the restroom soon .
the new city quickly became a major success .
why didn't she leave him?
during the early modern age , latin still was the most important language of culture in europe .
green manures are crops grown for the express purpose of plowing them in , thus increasing fertility through the incorporation of nutrients and organic matter into the soil .
i wish i could find my real parents .
web browsers and web proxy servers employ web caches to store previous responses from web servers , such as web pages and images .
the last three presidents of the regional bodies concacaf and conmebol have all been indicted.
the museum 's art includes some of the prefecture 's most important cultural assets and works by artists with some connection to the region .
his exploration led to the founding of the modern town of iqaluit, which is the seat of government as well as a transport and communications hub for nunavut.
a total of 1,084,000 rounds of ammunition had been taken and removed in thirteen lorries with no casualties .
now, philosophers associated with hermeneutics describe the success of understanding in a number of manners.
jlab houses the world 's most powerful tunable free-electron laser , with an output of over 14 kilowatts .
he picked up the scissors.
he said he would think about it.
there are ways of doing this, like india’s rural employment guarantees scheme, which has boosted urban not just rural wages.” another example cited by the report is south africa’s extension of the minimum wage to groups such as domestic workers.
an event cache is a gathering organized and attended by geocachers .
in 1873 mine owners tried to bring in saturday afternoon and sunday work .
monsters will talk to the player during the battle , and the game will tell the players what the monster 's feelings and actions are .
as the name implies , the line connects central singapore to the north-eastern and south -western parts of the island .
in other words, a russian invasion of ukraine is not going to be a stepping stone to the invasion of france.
twitter is on the verge of its initial public offering and everyone's knickers have been in a knot all week over the company's lack of management diversity -- that is, women.
he went to the doctor's office.
he said that he loved her.
the school has co-curricular activities a drama was filmed in 2005 .
“but for whatever reason the perimeter is starting to be punctured and that brings home the reality of the war.” all this means that moving around has become difficult, unpredictable and time-consuming – another aspect of the new normal across an understandably nervous city.
after up to six months in these houses, scattered around the city, the tenants will be found permanent homes.
one of the favorite topics of sociologists has been the emergence of new scientific specialties (mulkay 1975; niiniluoto 1995b).
while meditation techniques and apps such as headspace are trendy solutions frequently recommended for a range of mental health problems, they’re not necessarily helpful for loneliness, as they actively encourage us to dwell alone on our thoughts.
as -90d - changed for use in the desert .
elections to the new authorities were held on three different thursdays in 1973 .
and, if they disappear, so does malé’s raison d’être.
"i think this house will sell for $500,000."
the park was created in 1981 .
all uraninite minerals contain a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium .
sherry was 61.
the first trailer for the new movie was released on february 5 , 2015 .
the classic game was called hangman .
i do n't know whether it 's happening .
following the release of the documentary, attendance collapsed, the company lost more than half of its market value on wall street and its former ceo was forced out.
i need new clothes, but i don't know what to buy.
the parish is rural in character , the northeast being moorland and the southwest lower lying farmland .
if i had known they were coming to dinner , i would have made more food .
the gun can be started up when it is fully closed down in less than one minute .
jrl will start opening in 3 phases from 2026 to 2028 .
so , in normal diploid organisms , chromosomes are present in two copies .
but i want the one with pictures!
analysts who logged into the nsa’s metadata-gathering system were initially allowed to examine data up to three hops away from an individual.
pamphlets can contain anything , such as user instructions information for kitchen appliances , or religious and political ideas .
the ossuary became a tourist attraction on from the early 19th century and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 .
the opposite of a standing start is a rolling start .
if anyone sees you use the restroom, i'll be fired.
although large segments of fence-sitters including businessmen have come around to supporting the opposition, many remain ambivalent because they doubt the opposition will succeed in overthrowing al-assad.
the great white shark has no known natural predators other than , on very rare occasions , the killer whale .
morenz died from complications of a broken leg , an injury he suffered in a game .
cyanide compounds occur in small amounts in the natural environment and in cigarette smoke .
he died 23 december 2018 in mumbai at the age of 86 after a brief illness .
in 1913 , he became ill and had to have teeth removed .
the city 's population became more diverse after the end of world war ii , when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers .
all echinoderms have fivefold radial symmetry in their body at some stage of life .
the scientists next delved into more personal territory.
“the pay dirt was when we considered total body motion.
a kitchen stove , cooker , or cookstove is a kitchen appliance designed for the purpose of cooking food .
europe, china and other regions should take note.” that would mean producing much more shale gas, as conventional gas resources are running down in their easily accessible locations.
she washed her hands for half a minute.
if they're colored, wash them in cold water.
light propagating in the vicinity of astrophysical compact objects, like neutron stars and black holes, is affected by the gravitational field.
given the difficulty of consistently distinguishing between the two terms, this entry will use colonialism as a broad concept that refers to the project of european political domination from the sixteenth to the twentieth centuries that ended with the national liberation movements of the 1960s.
limited omnibus editions collect roughly 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras .
learning to play the guitar seemed very easy for him .
i wanted to know where it was , but i could n't get an answer .
a flash flood on 16 august 2004 , caused extensive damage to the village .
kentucky will require that certain inmates convicted of drug crimes serve the final six months of their sentences in the community, under supervision.
tensions between north korea and its southern neighbor have escalated since a may report from seoul blamed north korea for the sinking of a south korean warship in march.
by striking down doma and dismissing the appeal on california's proposition 8, the supreme court has forged a bipartisan consensus that marriage is an important enough institution that it should apply to humans equally, regardless of gender.
concussions prevented him from playing longer .
if he was a few years older , he could join .
then they saw mama bird.
i do believe my james is growing up!
he decided to sell his house.
his writings and movies have continued to have a major impact on later filmmakers .
just 2% of children’s time is spent emailing, compared to 33% for adults.
it's pretty clear that these are advanced technologies and the systems present a number of engineering challenges -- and to master these technologies requires a number of tests, pinkston said.
chinese brothers and sisters, i assure you i have no desire to seek tibet's separation.
although he is never mentioned by name in the a edition, berkeley seems to be kant’s paradigm dogmatic idealist, while descartes is named as the paradigm problematic idealist.
a best friend is always on time.
the inclination of earth 's orbit drifts up and down relative to its present orbit .
english died on november 16 , 2018 in london at the age of 81 .
at the end of the wash cycle , the machine starts a rinse cycle where the garment load is rinsed with freshly distilled solvent dispensed from the solvent tank .
“the percentage of consumers missing payments is remarkable and not as low as you would expect,” said gannesh bharadhwaj, general manager for credit cards at credit karma.
for example , a sociolinguist might determine through study of social attitudes that a particular vernacular would not be considered appropriate language use in a business or professional setting .
the body was found in the field , covered with bruises and mud .
barium peroxide arises by the reversible reaction of o with barium oxide .
exposed mainstream feminism as a movement of a small group of middle- and upper-class white women whose experience was very particular, hardly universal.
others separate them, for example f.h.
this implies that the function is analytic at every point of the interval (or disk).
basophils contain large cytoplasmic granules .
special stairways include escalators and ladders .
“independent of what is happening around you in the outside world, humans constantly have internal activity in the brain.
i suddenly realized i no longer needed to stay , so i left .
however , novel- writing was not easy for women in the early nineteenth century .
it has two stable isotopes .
with the basic characteristics of the lc - 6 accepted , a series of modifications followed .
while some books are original , others began as text copied over from other sources of free content textbooks found on the internet .
a cnn team covering a pro-ukraine rally in donetsk watched violence unfold monday as pro-russian separatists wielding batons beat demonstrators who said they wanted to see a united ukraine.
a ship does not go 500 miles per hour.
she pulled another tissue out of the box.
he opened the door.
since the germ theory of disease , it has also come to mean an absence of germs and other waste .
i wish i had not seen what that man did .
molly has a purse.
however , this usage means that cheap handcuffs are used in times where steel ones would normally be unused for long times .
look what the children found !
they 're holding hundreds of billions of dollars worth of our paper.
social media has changed how people interact with each other .
there are few characteristics common to all blues , as the genre takes its shape from the peculiarities of each individual performance .
the city is a popular tourist destination .
it is a place to study, betty.
that's not good.
i think it was the 10th edition.
the game features the revived ecw brand , and it takes its place alongside the established raw and smackdown !
crafting ai systems that are responsive and can effectively learn has been a long-standing challenge, ranging from robots, which can sense and react to the world around them, to purely software-based agents, which can interact with natural language and multimedia.
nowadays the creation of town and parish councils is encouraged in unparished areas .
siboglinid tube worms , which may grow to over 2 m tall in the largest species , often form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent .
no one likes their work to be criticized , especially when they have put a lot of time and effort into it .
each time a cell undergoes mitosis , the telomeres on the ends of each chromosome shorten slightly .
what's that dad?
i wish i could go to bed instead of doing all this homework .
we urge young people to be drug-free, but americans are bombarded with messages encouraging us to imbibe and medicate with a variety of substances: we use caffeine to boost our energy, we drink alcohol to relax, and we use prescription and over-the-counter drugs to help us work, study and sleep.
ridiculed during his lifetime by critics , he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius whose works are of high artistic quality .
humidity causes my hair to curl .
in 1882 , the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing ad-hoc station buildings .
the animated series takes place chronologically between the and films .
it was not too heavy.
swift died at home on 1 february 2019 , following a short illness , eight days before his 83rd birthday .
health.com: adhd linked to pesticide exposure previous research suggests, for instance, that children are at increased risk of adhd if they 're exposed to lead and certain pesticides.
she looked at all the rooms.
some people dream of having things that are not theirs .
worst part of the job: the deadlines, for wells, who admits he quite likes the food.
asian mist is the illegal move of spitting a colored liquid into an opponent 's face in professional wrestling .
susan hoped her boyfriend would like it.
black tea is often blended with other black tea or various other plants .
pack the laundry bags and let's go to the laundromat.
this is blue.
virtopsies combine the images from high-powered magnetic resonance imaging (mri), computed tomography (ct) and surface scans of dead bodies.
he played the piano.
al-zawahiri and the core of al qaeda are locked in battle with isis for the leadership of the global jihadist movement -- offering very different visions and strategies.
her doctor had given her special drugs.
what was he going to do with his bicycle?
the cranial nerves provide motor and sensory innervation mainly to the structures within the head and neck .
company motor ground is a car sales company that buys and sells used cars.
the idea of the historical journal , a forum where academic historians could exchange ideas , came into being in the nineteenth century .
some people who do this started using pictures of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to see it .
the commune has an area of 1466.7 sqkm and the city proper , 16.16 sqkm .
skater culture is popular right now .
since you do not have children or any other family , you will have nobody to take care of you .
we shall ignore the first case in which the counterfactual is vacuously true.
he was gaining one pound every week.
you must teach her where to go .
another application of material science is the structures of ceramics and glass typically associated with the most brittle materials .
he went on talking the entire night .
robert koons (1997) employs mereology and modal and nonmonotonic logic in taking a “new look” at the argument from contingency.
the resistance to the japanese occupation continued in the philippines .
there are lots of animals on a farm.
metals typically are strong , dense , and good conductors of both electricity and heat .
imagine if it had rained like they said it would.
we generally think that the observations we make are able to justify some expectations or predictions about observations we have not yet made, as well as general claims that go beyond the observed.
historically , the island gained wealth from cotton plantations , but slash and burn farming is now the main way of life for cat islanders .
this has angered residents, who claim the increased traffic on their quiet roads reduces their quality of life.
when the rat pressed the lever, an electronic version of its brain activity was sent directly to the other rat’s brain.
kcho is estimated to be paying $900 a month to provide the free wi-fi.
the targets might be undergraduate philosophy students, and the goal might be to give them some sufficiently frustrating examples on which to cut their critical teeth.
yet the wholly enlightened earth radiates under the sign of disaster triumphant” (de 1, translation modified).
millions of people were in lines over a three - day voting period .
he was the 6th child in the family , though two of his siblings were from his father 's first marriage .
she never said yes.
do you like fried chicken ?
some salamander species use tail autotomy to escape predators .
three types of flagella have so far been distinguished : bacterial , archaeal , and eukaryotic .
because they contain mercury , many fluorescent lamps are classified as hazardous waste .
boosted by the newly arrived revenues from britain’s north sea oil fields, thatcher had room to manoeuvre and change the ageing industrial economy and she used the opportunity to defeat her enemies – including moderate members of her own party.
civil rights are protected by law and custom .
he said he didn't know.
eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times .
"there is just one problem," said the owner.
these are products that have helped countless people stop smoking more harmful cigarettes and yet some meps wanted to make them harder to manufacture than ordinary tobacco.” katherine devlin, president of ecita, the e-cigarette industry association, said “the really important” decision by meps not to support medicines regulation meant that was now off the table.
well, what do you want to do?
mast cells are a type of innate immune cell that reside in connective tissue and in the mucous membranes .
in the circulatory system they move from lymph node to lymph node .
while we have seen protests in other regions, they have not been as sustained and extensive as those in the four governorates.
in this way, kant’s position actually combines the transcendental ideality of space and time with a kind of realism about the existence of things other than minds.
production of orange-fleshed sweet potato (ofsp) in tanzania is constrained by the underutilization of virus-free improved certified planting materials.
no houses had damage.
determining what records have enduring value is not always easy .
the teacher has made some minor changes to the homework so it can be more easily understood .
old , middle , and late egyptian were all written using both the hieroglyphic and hieratic scripts .
in this regard, foucault stands in league with others who profess a postmodern sensibility in regard to contemporary science, art, and society.
although, in recent time, dentistry has been experiencing a period of dynamic changes and growth, perhaps like no other time before.
handcuffs with double locks have a detent which when engaged stops the cuff from ratcheting tighter to prevent the wearer from tightening them .
although the presentation claims the program is run with the assistance of the companies, all those who responded to a request for comment denied knowledge of any such program.
under california law, the only way that an alleged victim of childhood sexual abuse is able to bring an otherwise time-barred claim is to allege that the psychological injury was repressed and was only discovered within the last three years.
a seahorse is used as the company 's icon .
only for employees.
children 's literature can be divided into several categories , but it is most easily categorized by genre or the intended age of the reader .
those who advocate it are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process .
the trial could take years.
my mother likes fishing .
a study in north america has valued the loss of pestcontrol from ongoing bat declines at more than $22bn in lost agricultural productivity.
it is far enough from the house to the ocean so we wo n't be affected by a tsunami .
problems continued for the revised section .
both of these schools provide candidates for the los angeles county and city fire departments.
trays are flat , but with raised edges to stop things from sliding off them .
and, in the very first paragraph of on the origin of species, darwin looks back to this ‘hurrah’, attributing the idea that the origin of species is ‘that mystery of mysteries’ to ‘one of our greatest philosophers’, without mentioning herschel by name.
the velocity for a manned round trip of a few decades to even the nearest star is thousands of times greater than those of present space vehicles .
hemp is one of the oldest plants humans have grown and used .
in 1979 , funding was received to preserve the site as a tourist destination , due to its historical significance .
the best time to fish is early or late in the day.
the series was popular with american audiences .
in australia the colonization began in the 1940s , with the species establishing itself in the north and east of the continent .
so, whatever else may be said of basic moral requirements, their content is universal.
he called this four-fold matrix the cross of reality and it is applied repeatedly throughout his works.
the symptoms of pernicious anemia come on slowly .
many small organisms such as rotifers , copepods and flatworms use such organs , but these are too small to produce usable images .
however, different conceptions of events are compatible with the basic definition (kim 1973a; for an alternative broadly lewisian take on events see mcdonnell 2016 and kaiserman 2017).
the kinetoplastids were first defined by bronislaw m. honigberg in 1963 as the members of the flagellated protozoans .
the reporter said that a bridge had collapsed.
both pilots had visual contact with each other and neither plane was at risk of colliding with the other, she added.
political philosophy is a branch of philosophy .
she is a woman whom many people like .
the unit deals with cross disciplinary water issues relating to industry and mining .
in the natural sciences , gradualism is the theory which holds that profound change is the cumulative product of slow but continuous processes , often contrasted with catastrophism .
many different theories attempt to explain the nature and function of love .
the method has already allowed the discovery of haemorrhages and fractures that were not picked up during conventional autopsies.
it is the most common tick - borne infection in the united states .
some of the mortier de 12 pouces were used in coastal defenses , in which case they were fixed on solid metal platforms .
the kids are tired.
certain networks have made changes to prevent them from being used by such multi-network im clients .
in another, a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and, after a staged argument between the film's director and another actor, gets promoted to the starring role.
presidents are elected for five - year terms , with no opportunity for immediate reelection .
the meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and simmered with the vegetables in water .
the president arrived to the conference late .
i wish we were all together again for one last dinner .
you may write a research paper instead of taking the final exam .
democratic egalitarianism becomes a requirement of justice in modern societies, because this egalitarianism is an underlying important element of people's shared values and cultural understandings (walzer 1983).
the car moves fast.
the bushtit is one of the smallest passerines in north america , at 11 cm in length and 5.3 g in weight .
why do you want one, margaret?
another patient took it home.
you have to pay $1 to reserve the book.
japanese prisoner - of- war camps , many of which were used as labor camps , also caused a lot of deaths .
the first construction had a two storied front section with a one-story extension to the rear .
﻿they may not know who steve jobs was or even how to tie their own shoelaces, but the average six-year-old child understands more about digital technology than a 45-year-old adult, according to an authoritative new report.
he liked to eat slow.
a genetic counselor is an expert with a master of science degree in genetic counseling .
rapid forces , whether for an offensive or defensive purpose , were needed to deny vital locations to the enemy .
can i have pancakes?
in “the problem of abortion and the doctrine of double effect”, (1967) foot raises a related case that has been the subject of much subsequent discussion: a runaway trolley is headed toward five people who will be killed by the collision, but it could be steered onto a track on which there is only one person (vv 23).
it was a quiet day at the park .
this spider is yellowish - brown with many dark spots on the rear half , in no order .
main features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a very complex key schedule .
species in the araceae are often rhizomatous or tuberous and are often found to contain calcium oxalate crystals or raphides .
a dvd of the first series was released on 19 september 2005 , however there is still no word of series two on dvd .
"sharon, you can't play with pam anymore," sharon's mother said.
it was once use for lord mayors to be created knights when they took office and baronets when they retired .
"pirate is old.
one barrier to achieving higher performance through instruction - level parallelism stems from pipeline stalls and flushes due to branches .
more sugar would give her more weight.
the adrar des ifoghas area is characterized by wide , shallow valleys and is strewn with piles of eroded granite blocks .
pains, afterimages, and tastes can serve as examples.
i am interested in taking a two-week course in august.
in 2009 , there were 61 000 members in 700 congregations .
lynch said that eight individuals, five of them unnamed in the original indictment, had come forward with guilty pleas since may.
natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey .
pass me that football .
pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and colors of the flower .
yes see you later
there are two principal workarounds to this problem , which substitute digraphs for the accented letters .
this location is considered healing and is appreciated by some locals .
takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations.
hater of vending machines.
she died on june 9 , 2014 , at the age of 103 .
the flavor of the broth and toppings , as well as even noodle texture and thickness , vary from region to region .
the causes pursued by the protesters varied widely.
jane tilted her head in confusion .
birds have wings.
bears are the most abundant large carnivore in europe, with around 17,000 individuals, alongside 12,000 wolves, 9,000 eurasian lynx and 1,250 wolverines, which are restricted to northern parts of scandinavia and finland.
you might meet amanda there .
he didn't fit into his old pants.
acoustically , nasals have bands of energy at around 200 and 2,000 hz .
please could you confirm the booking?
portland has many cyclists .
﻿at addis ababa airport, visitors are greeted by pictures of golden grains, minute ochre-red seeds and a group of men gathered around a giant pancake.
pannella died on 19 may 2016 of lung and liver cancer in rome , aged 86 .
this species may be encountered in a wide range of open habitats and gardens .
the word calculus (plural calculi) is a latin word, meaning originally "small pebble" (this meaning is kept in medicine – see calculus (medicine)).
he put the gas into a gas can.
i wish she would stop singing .
the opera was not a success , and audiences found the story confusing .
efforts have been taken to reduce the pollution and increase water quality .
i 've never seen a movie about frogs .
heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low growing vegetation .
peret died in barcelona in 2014 from lung cancer , aged 79 .
the main range was three storeys high , 42.4 m by 5.5 m . each floor was used for doubling - and there were 306 doubling machines .
i share the house with three other students.
“nor do they suggest that new york residents are at risk.” in fact, most of the bacteria identified by the team are either harmless to humans or beneficial in the city’s thriving world of microorganisms, many of which process toxic hazards and waste in the same way that bacteria inside every human help with digestion and bodily functions.
herman didn't like his first name.
meteorologists are predicting severe weather .
that's my baby brother paul.
its chilling brutality toward non-muslims and muslims who do n't share its rigid interpretation of islam echo the behavior of its predecessor, al qaeda in iraq, whose vicious attacks on shia muslims and moderate sunnis drew the ire of the late al qaeda leader, osama bin laden.
its meditative practices, as well as its physical exercises, have long been associated with local religious traditions including buddhism and jainism, as well as the hinduism practised by 80% of indians.
his parents can't afford it.
the station 's large hall was the same shape as many 19th century concert halls , that is , it is shaped like a horse shoe .
investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable instrument landing system and ground radar .
she clipped all the nails on her left hand.
what is immanent to the mind (consciousness) are the experiences themselves.
i am trying to help you .
most of these lists of propositions were put together into systematic collections of prohibited articles.
she has a well - trained dog .
there is usually an option to produce audible representing the number of ionization events detected .
a large plane flew across the sky a couple minutes ago .
the doctor said, "you have a big problem.
collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals , making up about 25 % of the total protein content .
the law allows for the targeting of any customers of participating firms who live outside the us, or those americans whose communications include people outside the us.
then he said he was sorry.
the airport has one main passenger terminal , serving all scheduled and charter holiday flights .
were there dogs at the park ?
however, descartes also provided regius with philosophical arguments in reply to voetius.
the jobs they seem to care about most are democrats in congress -- not families across the country eager to join the ranks of the employed, senate minority leader mitch mcconnell said in a statement.
she wanted to move far away.
he wanted to live with cows and chickens and pigs.
they use their wings to fly.
though he experimented in many styles of art , his unique talent was landscape painting .
hummingbirds are specialized nectarivores and are tied to the ornithophilous flowers upon which they feed .
the discipline is between 3,000 and 6,000 years old and originated somewhere on the indian subcontinent, possibly among religious ascetics.
echinoderms possess a unique water vascular system .
secondary structure refers to parts of the protein chain that form regular structures .
andrew was in the third grade.
she was a waitress in a restaurant.
in order to judge if a language is actually endangered , the number of speakers is less important than the distribution among age cohorts .
as if to emphasize her point, a day after her talk, danish scientist henrik scharfe demo'ed geminoid-dk, a shockingly realistic robot version of himself.
many planets and other astronomical events are not visible to the naked eye .
i wish i had a friend .
she falls down.
"i grew up all alone," she told the reporters.
basic general information about the clients : creator / company , license , etc .
the two teams have never played each other before .
obo carriers are today not as common as in the 1970s and 1980s .
however, it was economically viable to engage in the processing of ofsp.
the youngest is about to start middle school soon.
please return my book as soon as possible .
the beaches are crowded on sunny days .
in some asian cultures , ceremonies also play an important social role , for example the tea ceremony .
see : list of famous bajan people
the charity, it said, is eligible for an exemption and moreover, the entity that administers its insurance plans, the non-profit christian brothers services, is also exempt under certain conditions in the obamacare rules applying to religious institutions.
however , during the 20th century the river deteriorated due to pollution .
"if you can't pay the rent," the manager said, "i have to kick you out."
a new worker spends the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young .
but no one expected what happened in march 2003, when smart was found walking down a street in the salt lake city suburb of sandy in the company of mitchell and his wife, wanda eileen barzee.
"look," she said, "here's $1,000 cash."
typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working fluid .
varda died of cancer on 29 march 2019 in paris , at the age of 90 .
it burns your insides, it makes you aggressive and ensures that you go totally mad,” said maria, a former heroin addict.
a common use of a pinhole camera is to capture the movement of sunlight over a long period of time .
the long pit straight has also been used for drag racing .
other axiomatizations of set theory, such as those of von neumann-bernays-gödel (nbg), or morse-kelley (mk), allow also for a formal treatment of proper classes.
plants and animals living in the desert need special adaptations to survive in the harsh environment .
believe me; i won't be losing any sleep.
it was elevated to the category of municipal district on may 1 , 2003 .
would you like some?
increasing market share is one of the most important objectives of business .
the film received extremely negative reviews from critics .
i do not ride a bike.
while sotomayor's emergency injunction or any follow up to extend it or seek the opinion of her fellow justices for additional review may seem like a blow to the politically charged health care law, it is n't.
elizabeth goitein of the brennan center for justice said: “the intelligence committee bill and the usa freedom act present two opposing visions of the relationship between law-abiding americans and the national security state.
this is a library after all.
she watched him in her rear-view mirror.
“the president believes peaceful protests are legitimate and proper for a democracy, and that it is natural for young people to demonstrate,” said helena chagas of the president’s office.
he forgot that his jacket was on the chair.
the fossil consists of most of the skull , face and mandible with teeth .
they 're gays.
however, lists of this kind are unsatisfactory for several reasons.
chlorophyll is vital for photosynthesis , which allows plants to absorb energy from light .
these reliefs were taken away in 1945 .
only the parts about woodstock.
a true claw is made of hard protein called keratin .
all men but for the general counsel, vijaya gadde, who has had the job for five weeks.
in terms of counterfactuals, lewis defines a notion of causal dependence between events, which plays a central role in his theory of causation (1973b).
the vocabulary a person uses is all the words that person knows and uses .
is it possible to go outside or is it raining too heavily ?
since its foundation as a republic 91 years ago, turkey's excessively centralized political architecture has allowed those who attain control of the state to force their will on the entire population.
beauty takes work!
in the late 19th century , soft but durable leather shoes were the preferred choice of baseball players .
in international law , contraband means goods sent to territories under the control of the enemy that can be used in armed conflict .
examples here are a society of independent commodity producers or a property-owning democracy (in which individuals or groups of workers own firms).
physicists represent sources of magnetic moments in materials as poles .
sotomayor voted to uphold the affordable care act in 2012 in a blockbuster supreme court ruling that gave obama an enormous political victory.
blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
astrophysical black holes are believed to be formed as a result of the gravitational collapse of massive stars [6].
middle-aged respondents with stable jobs were likely to pay more for the restoration of the attributes compared to students and the youth.
to prevent break-ins , the locks were changed .
eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil .
public attitudes and the actions of key stakeholders can play a crucial role in realizing the potential of sustainable biofuels .
i would love that.
during world war i , the british had already accused germany of using the fat from human bodies to make things .
seal has scarring on his face caused by a type of lupus called discoid lupus erythematosus .
“they’re decapitated from being able to grow,” tahmazian said.
the police are still investigating .
they have n't gotten any sleep since the twins were born .
during the next ten to eleven hours , the radioactive cloud moved towards the northeast , reaching between 300 and 350 kilometers from the accident .
thoth was a unique god .
white is regarded by many as england 's first ecologist and one of the founders of modern respect for nature .
“humans are very imaginative animals,” said tonagawa.
the dorsal and anal fins are divided into anterior spiny and posterior soft-rayed portions , which may be partially or completely separated .
he looked at his silver spoon.
specifically, the legend behind christmas (and the one that most children are told) is that santa claus, a bearded, hefty, jolly, and red-jacket-wearing old man who lives in the north pole, spends the year crafting presents with his elves, or small, festive, excited santa-assistants.
the botanical exhibits are organized according to their origin in free-air or climatized greenhouses , which also contain numerous tropical and subtropical plants .
what naturally comes to mind is this: duties are rules or laws of some sort combined with some sort of felt constraint or incentive on our choices, whether from external coercion by others or from our own powers of reason.
epoxides can be made by oxidation of alkenes .
if the discriminations of taste took place without these sentiments, we would lack any motivation to do what we regard as moral.
the book describes how the relationship between insects and plants resulted in the beautiful and complex forms which natural theology attributed to a grand designer .
last week it hit pre-pandemic levels close to $60 a barrel.
acrylic paint dries quite quickly .
mason said people should not be concerned about getting urinary-tract infections from subway seats.
the island had an economy of only one crop until 1966 , based on the cultivation and processing of new zealand flax for rope and string .
you are plain rude.
cooling refers to the process of becoming cold , or lowering in temperature .
she took care of 10 little children.
actually, i don't feel like going to the record store.
an algorithm for finding the smallest superpermutation for 6 or more symbols is as of yet unsolved .
following the shootings , the tower observation deck was closed .
although humans have many uses for peat , it presents severe problems at times .
my uncle bill discovered information about himself online .
a hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that operated by converting the dynamic energy of water into air pressure to drive the pipes .
her smile told me everything i needed to know .
a differential backup only copies the data that has changed since the last full backup .
i read a book.
the initial landings began at 04 : 50 on 19 august , with attacks on the two artillery batteries on the flanks of the main landing area .
whenever someone dies , they are sent to a one of many mysterious bars run by bartenders serving as arbiters inside a tower in the afterlife .
without that, although we are very smart animals, we would not dominate the planet.” “i don’t think there’s any risk of supersmart rats from this,” he added.
the ways in which millennial children contact each other and consume entertainment are so different from previous generations that forecasters now consider their preferences a better indication of the future than those of trendsetting young adults.
the romans adopted the greek tradition , writing at first in greek , but eventually chronicling their history in a freshly non-greek language .
the electrolysis of water breaks water into hydrogen and oxygen , using electricity .
the aforementioned shoulders are rounded body parts that aid arms' flexibility.
interviews with men and women escorts illuminate gender differences in these escorts ' experiences .
the existence of wage labor is often seen by socialists as a necessary condition for a society to be counted as capitalist (schweickart 2002 [2011: 23]).
in the series , we learn that geordi was born blind and wears a visor , an arc-shaped prosthetic attached at the temples that provides him with vision .
“such rich false memories will clearly involve many brain systems and we are still a long way from understanding the processes involved in their formation at the neuronal level,” said professor french.
the rules do n't allow you to work full-time .
his mother doesn't have to ask him again.
he said he had to come .
if they were just a little older , i would n't have to drive them to those early morning practice games .
besides material characterization , the material scientist or engineer also deals with extracting materials and converting them into useful forms .
women get more utis than men because women have a urethra that is much shorter and closer to the anus .
in angiosperms , after the pollen grain has landed on the stigma , it develops a pollen tube which grows down the style until it reaches an ovary .
he washed it every week.
on the back, it says it's $15.
well, i don't believe it.
japan was the first country to build dedicated railway lines for high-speed travel .
a second , slightly revised edition was published in 1958 .
of course, the analogy here is limited to cases of non-consensual impregnation, such as those resulting from rape.
by 1994 , rock and roll slowly began to decline .
set theory, as a separate mathematical discipline, begins in the work of georg cantor.
could you lend me that book ?
his parents want him to be safe.
if they were on sale , i would buy more than one .
psychiatric hospitals used to be called lunatic asylums .
she locked her car.
responses to terrorism are broad in scope .
as a simple example , consider the average daily maximum temperatures for two cities , one inland and one on the coast .
gout is partly genetic , contributing to about 60 % of variability in uric acid level .
the show is in syndication throughout the united states and canada , as well as a number of other countries .
the teacher was calm and knew exactly what to do when the upset parent called him on the phone .
short 's unsolved murder and the details surrounding it have had a lasting cultural intrigue , generating various theories and public speculation .
a christmas tree's ornaments, or hanging, typically spherical decorations, in addition to the mentioned lights, may be accompanied by a star, or a representation of the star of jerusalem that the three apostles followed while bringing baby jesus gifts and honoring him, in the bible.
she told her husband.
their names are bill, tony, and paul.
blankets may be spread on the ground for a picnic or where people want to sit in a grassy or muddy area without soiling their clothing .
it would be crazy if you could only get one book.
this might also explain the somber mood around many of his opponents, who seem to believe that having come so close to realizing his long standing ambition of becoming turkey's first popularly elected president, erdogan will not let the opportunity slip.
the newly discovered virus might be crucial in understanding the rapidly increasing death rate .
the door wasn't open.
do you want to hang out tomorrow night?
amongst recent work in the field of drl, there have been two outstanding success stories.
"what about other crimes?"
abyei has been a source of regional tension for many years, the statement said.
it belonged to someone else.
there is a very different way of understanding a moral principle, as ‘contributory’ rather than as absolute.
the first legs were played on 13 february and 14 february 2008 .
he looked on the kitchen counter.
then there's a third side -- the part that makes us gasp in horror.
the taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black - backed gull group is very complicated , with different authorities recognizing between two and eight species .
double sharps also exist ; these have the symbol and raise a note by two semitones , or a whole step .
she needs to use your phone .
throughout the weekend?
within a day , symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff .
now , the village and base 's combined population is about 4,500 .
introduction t he recent success of neural networks has boosted research on pattern recognition and data mining.
the cat looked at sissy.
some of the voice actors who voiced the characters in the films were unable to reprise their roles for the series .
during the single- player campaign , the player controls six different characters from a first-person perspective .
the play reminds me of shakespeare .
you should do that late at night so you do n't irritate people .
the following is a table grouping the moons of the solar system by diameter .
what i saw was beyond anything i had seen before .
it was great, mom.
the amethyst woodstar 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montanes .
copper forms coordination complexes with ligands .
morenz died from problems with a broken leg , an injury he suffered in a game .
he was also a known historian , biographer and writer .
my grandmother is a scientist .
(ii) people legally own their labor power.
we wanted to get started before the rising sun get too hot .
tennis is now a sport that is played at the olympics .
a useful way to work around these gaps in knowledge is to find links to other known events .
in some groups , the elytra are fused together , and the insect is flightless .
it's mine too, sandra.
the third tunnel was discovered on october 17 , 1978 .
it was time to go to work.
they are pregnant.
like the white - tailed hummingbird , it is sometimes considered a subspecies of the more widespread stripe-tailed hummingbird .
in fast food chains , ketchup is often put in small packets that hold ketchup inside .
it's 4 a.m. already?
tempier does not specify the persons behind the false views, but merely states that the errors were disseminated by “certain scholars at the faculty of arts.” the other condemnations, however, all concern specific scholars whose names are explicitly mentioned in the collectio errorum.
the location of the town at the bottom of a steep valley counted against it when it came to railway construction .
his dad put green peas on the plate.
it has not been studied a lot despite being one of the biggest asteroids .
but she didn't leave him.
however , paleotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia .
in addition to the street protests, a campaign of civil disobedience has begun, first with doctors and joined by some teachers and other government workers.
the faa is investigating and plans to take appropriate action to address the miscommunication of tuesday's incident.
that sounds good.
i believe it is awful to cheat .
not everyone who has hiv has aids .
the boat was found in 1955 during the creation of the dutch a28 motorway .
i can put gas in a car.
jackie loves the news.
that will be no problem.
note in the graphic , the strong 100,000 year periodicity of the cycles , and the striking asymmetry of the curves .
brian has a fast car.
this week, the taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring buner district, bringing it closer to islamabad than it has been since taliban insurgency began.
she pulled the trash can back into her yard.
i 've seen three people running by here in the last few minutes .
"what other crimes?"
the mineral was used during mummification ceremonies in ancient egypt because it absorbs water and behaves as a drying agent .
its greatest achievements were to develop a language of equal rights for women and to garner women the right to vote.
they had cats and dogs as well as birds and turtles .
the bumblebee bat roosts in the caves of limestone hills , along rivers , within dry evergreen or deciduous forests .
what was the right thing?
video games were introduced in amusement arcades in the late 1970s and were most popular during the golden age of arcade video games , the early 1980s .
he asked his sister.
000 is the emergency telephone number in australia .
in 1910 eucalypts were introduced to brazil for timber substitution and the charcoal industry .
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 507 to 531 .
a well - known example of natural selection in action is the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms .
the sky streaked with lightening was beautiful .
the median income for a household was $ 34,669 .
kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains .
the main economic activity is commerce with haiti .
huya has a moderately red-sloped reflectance spectrum in the visible and near-infrared , suggesting a surface rich in organic material such as tholins .
marcuse argues that in the 1844 manuscripts marx shows how the role of labor as a self-realization or self-formative process gets inverted.
the restaurant closed down on september 9 , 2000 .
state officials said they were concerned that marian thompson has said she would put the five remaining animals into the same cages they previously inhabited on her zanesville farm.
despite the key rarely being used in orchestral music other than to modulate , it is not entirely uncommon in keyboard music .
there have been a number of fatalities where people have gone to a restaurant and alerted staff that they have an allergy to a particular food and the meal has been served up containing that allergen.” the guide says most internet and shop-bought allergy tests have no scientific basis.
swine don't have the flu.
netanyahu has managed to stay in office throughout the investigations and three election campaigns - with a fourth election due on march 23.
he went to the door.
students with disabilities may be just as bright as their peers and it is important that they have opportunities to succeed .
she was a waitress.
the majority of species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil .
given the above , one view of the progression of the accounting and finance career path is that financial accounting is a stepping stone to management accounting .
it was time for dinner .
china may have used inoculation in the 10th century .
haloes in cosmological simulations grow by a combination of relatively smooth accretion and more violent mergers, and both processes will modify subhalo orbits.
& has grand passage upon problem.!
music theory is examined through written papers .
as a result, the central nervous system may not develop properly.
through his work at the museum he became acquainted with many egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the museum .
adult and larval leaf beetles feed on all sorts of plant tissue , and all species are fully herbivorous .
however, cosby's lawyers point out she attempted to sell this story to the tabloids more than nine years ago.
during the 18th century , the growing population of paris resulted in the filling of existing cemeteries , causing public health concerns .
silver carbonate can be prepared by combining aqueous solutions of sodium carbonate with a deficiency of silver nitrate .
february is the shortest month .
in addition , the torquoselectivity in an electrocyclic reaction refers to the direction of rotation .
a white dwarf is very hot when it is formed , but since it has no source of energy , it will gradually radiate away its energy and cool .
where is my cell phone, he wondered.
laing stayed a month in the city, then was murdered two days after leaving.
the maclaurin series was named after colin maclaurin, a professor in edinburgh, who published the special case of the taylor result in the 18th century.
while several real-world leaders exist in the show 's universe , most foreign countries have fictional rulers .
here , take this and do n't argue with me because i know you need it .
evaluation of workers exposed to xanthan gum dust found evidence of a link to respiratory symptoms .
all nine of the grenfell brothers were expert polo players .
krumpf admits standing watch on november 3, 1943, as ss guards at the trawniki labor camp in poland shot and killed 8,000 jews, including women and 400 children, in pits.
what about false memories for more than just contexts – false memories for objects, food or other mice?
generally , unblended black teas are named after the region in which they are produced .
“i’m not spooked anymore; i kind of went back to normal trading, so i can say i think the wallstreetbets influence is not as strong as it was last week.” robinhood, among the fee-free online brokers credited with fueling the trades, said late on thursday it had removed all buying restrictions imposed due to a surge in clearinghouse deposit requirements last week.
he just started high school.
who is that?
driving is something i enjoy doing .
the sinister background noise is doubly disturbing because the government tries so hard to preserve a jaunty air of business as usual.
she needed to borrow $1,000.
incorporating “reducing (income) inequality” as a post-2015 goal would steer the international agenda in the right direction, given that lessening or containing inequality speeds up the impact of economic growth on poverty reduction.
it is approximately a mile from downtown chicago .
the leading cause of coral bleaching is rising water temperatures .
billboards boast: “teff: the ultimate gluten-free crop!” ethiopia is one of the world’s poorest countries, well known for its precarious food security situation.
a volcanologist is a person who studies volcanoes and their eruptions .
but i really need to go.
in rocks of the mesozoic era gastropods are more common as fossils and their shell is often well preserved .
she poured water into the cup.
bnpl service providers, classified as fintech companies, should be subject to stricter rules more like banks, some regulators say.
no airplanes are flying because of the violent storm .
"you are on the swim class list," he said.
these are the once seemingly sci-fi questions that can now be experimentally tackled in the lab.” as the technology develops, said french, scientists need to think about its uses carefully.
conversely, quagrainie (2006) prescribed that insurance could be utilized to abate financial expenses of numerous hostile events, for example, deaths, accidents, burglary and weather damages.
with the economy in bad shape and social unrest on the rise, she faces a serious political challenge, both now and in 2014, when brazil will not only host the world cup but also have a presidential election.
however else the success of understanding is described, though, it is typically also described as edifying or educative.
how about kickball.
at least two schools of researchers have proposed that dromaeosaurs may actually be descended from flying ancestors .
he outlined a number of reasons why they were jointly opposed to describing the human mind as a substantial form.
ramen comes in various shapes and lengths .
could you please book the room for us?
the report, whose findings have been endorsed by the united states, alleged that a north korean sub sank the ship, the cheonan, with a torpedo, killing 46 sailors.
not all american food consists of meat .
some people suppose that the principles can themselves be ranked in order of importance; if that were right, it would be of some help to us in working out what matters most in a given case.
the collection includes some of the prefecture 's most important cultural assets and works by artists with some connection to the region .
your devices should be able to connect easily now.
please give me the time .
things are usually overpriced there.
for machiavelli, people are compelled to obey purely in deference to the superior power of the state.
the debate also raises a number of interesting questions about causation, time, and their relations.
the main criticisms were of the two -player mode , a first for the series .
there is discussion whether the hotspot is caused by a deep mantle plume or at a shallower depth .
in former times the main income source from the inhabitants was agriculture , however later in the 18th century the weaving mill of lines became more and more important .
the type a viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and cause the most severe disease .
nancy said to her father.
as graphs can be irregular, a graph may have a variable size of unordered nodes, and nodes from a graph may have a different number of neighbors, resulting in some important operations (e.g., convolutions) being easy to compute in the image domain, but difficult to apply to the graph domain.
that was the deepest pace of decline since the second quarter of 1981 and followed a 5.1% pace of expansion in the third quarter.
did you get my message?
histones undergo changes which alter their interaction with dna and nuclear proteins .
his arms were straight.
in his first form , frieza is a relatively short humanoid , albeit with a large chestnut - shaped skull with two horns .
there are no records of any military related acts in his time in which he participated .
sharon feigon, executive director of the shared use mobility center, envisages a future where a person can use a transit pass that gives them access to numerous modes of transport in a given day.
triple bunk beds are for three prisoners.
wind chill numbers are always lower than the actual outside temperature .
the region has steep , glacier - carved mountains , valleys and interspersed plains .
the current trophy is made from silver and gild , and features a golden globe held up by three silver columns .
he starts doing his chores.
she joined the u.s. sailing team .
they ran out of free flu shots.
all the animals were different.
the mouse - like hamsters are not true hamsters , but represent an early split from the rest of the mouse -like rodents .
“countless fans around the world are in a constant state of vigilance waiting for the release of new poster art, new trailers and other information,” said paul dergarabedian, senior media analyst at box-office monitor rentrak.
western social media apps including twitter, facebook and youtube are banned in china, where the local internet is tightly censored to weed out content that could undermine the ruling communist party.
he has already opened all his birthday gifts .
you must sleep on only one-half of the bed.
the house was built in 1750 ; there was an addition added in the 1820s .
modern fishing reels are designed to help in casting for distance and accuracy .
arms help people walk.
dufresne died on 14 june 2014 in new york city from cancer , aged 78 .
chemical literature connect structures or properties of chemicals to academic papers or patents related to them .
these narratives may aim to de-medicalize the notion of normalcy in pregnancy and birth, or centralize the knowledge and competence of midwifery (e.g., lyerly 2012; shaw 2013) the medicalization of pregnancy and birth takes many forms.
reid, so often at odds with boehner, also sounded conciliatory, saying: “i look at the challenges that we have ahead of us and i reach out to my republican colleagues in the senate and the house.
i don't need anyone right now."
we can do this every day.
most coins of later series have specific commemorative topics and are usually made of precious metal .
we're getting a dog?
the actual skin color of different humans is affected by many substances , although the single most important substance is the pigment melanin .
unlike most boy bands , they formed independently and were later picked up by a record label , rather than being assembled by a label or a producer .
it showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the united states .
all aerobic organisms produce when they oxidize carbohydrates , fatty acids , and proteins .
let's play hide-and-seek.
true book - borers are uncommon .
he got a good deal on his new car.
brent said, "you are giving me a ticket?
we used worms on our fishing hooks .
i dream of a world where energy is clean and free .
the symptoms of the common cold are believed to be primarily related to the immune response to the virus .
people drove fast on the winding mountain roads .
(2009), human activities, including agriculture has been recognized as one of the reasons for increased intensity of malaria around the world, because it supports the breeding of mosquitoes that carries the parasite.
the purse is empty.
worse, still, is that such provocative language should be applied to a confrontation with a state like russia.
let's get ready.
data collected by ofcom (the independent regulator and competition authority for the uk communications industries) suggests that, between november 2012 and january 2013 in the uk, 280 million music tracks were digitally pirated, along with 52 million tv shows, 29 million films, 18 million ebooks and 7 million software or games files.
the attacks against the american beaches , as well as the violent fighting , had tired out the japanese .
concrete blast barriers – often painted in the syrian flag’s black, red and white – now protect official premises, not just the military or defence installations that are obvious targets.
she took off her raincoat.
viral infections in animals trigger an immune response which usually kills the infecting virus .
it's beautiful in the pictures i've seen.
oregon is requiring state colleges and universities to waive tuition and fees for foster children under age 25.
now, for the first time, scientists have started to catalogue and map the bacteria coursing through a city’s subway – and they have found a wealth of curious results.
these spots are often followed within a few days or weeks by a much greater leakage of blood , which blurs vision .
skink - like lizards first appear in the fossil record about 140 million years ago , during the early cretaceous , mostly jawbones that appear very skink - like .
she died after long illness on 6 april 2014 .
the golden everlasting is easy to grow .
the gharial 's snout is very long and narrow , with 27 to 29 upper and 25 or 26 lower teeth on each side .
he will put all his clothes into his car.
are you in a league ?
from designing state-of-the-art machine translation models [168] to constructing new optimisation functions [76], drl has already been used to approach all manner of machine learning tasks
caps and goals updated as of june 29 , 2019 .
both species of kangaroo mouse live in sandy desert ecosystems .
kestrels can fly in stationary air , even indoors in barns .
he was homeless.
the area was best known for their pineapples .
and then, of course, there's the pink underwear.
inherited factors are about 60 % responsible for the variability in uric acid level .
part of a controversial bid by trump to crack down on illegal immigrants from central america who make up a large part of migrants apprehended at the u.s.-mexico border, the policies were never implemented with el salvador and honduras, the state department said on saturday.
so far gatherings have been peaceful, unlike bloody crackdowns during previous widespread protests in 1988 and 2007.
the fallen tree hit the house .
iocaste belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured heliocentric asteroid .
the metadata from one person in the study showed they had a long call from a cardiology centre, spoke briefly with a medical laboratory, answered a number of short calls from a local pharmacy and then made calls to a hotline for abnormal heart-rate monitoring devices.
a man was watching her.
it seemed that, at least for some in the audience, a bridge had been crossed into a new era of technology, one that could change the way we think about robots and their application to such fields as construction, shipping and responding to emergencies.
queen marie never managed to develop political influence .
this article attempts to provide a constructive guide to the main issues of ethics and politics in the republic.
copper thermite is used for welding together thick copper wires for the purpose of electrical connections .
rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in ireland ; a similar version is played in the uk .
unusual for falcons , plumage often differs between male and female , although as is usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male .
for thermally robust materials , high temperature methods are often employed .
by deploying a fleet of cargo bicycles to collect and recycle unmanaged waste in lagos, wecyclers lets families exchange garbage for consumer goods via an sms-based point system.
police inside responded with pepper spray and perhaps more – the guardian saw one protester passed out and bleeding heavily from a wound in the upper arm.
they had a baby girl.
content featuring male bisexuality has been a growing trend since the advent of internet pornography .
the city is a popular tourist destination , with an average year- round temperature of 75.5 f and 3,000 hours of sunshine per year .
do you know of a good one?
it was next to the toaster.
what does it mean?
tempier’s condemnation is only one of the approximately sixteen lists of censured theses that were issued at the university of paris during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
it 's important to know when to negotiate and when to walk away from a deal .
highly modified tube feet around the mouth are always present .
nor are they claiming that enlightenment “inevitably” reverts to mythology.
frontal bossing is when the forehead becomes bigger than normal which may also make the brow ridge stick out more .
the phrase is used to signify that the monarch has granted his or her royal assent to a bill in order to make it become law .
﻿seaworld has suffered an 84% collapse in profits as customers have deserted the controversial aquatic theme park company following claims it mistreated orca whales.
the bus stop was crowded with tired people .
green vegetables are always good for you .
most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction .
of course she is, sharon.
the phrase is used in many contexts .
the fundamental question is: should the government have some reason to suspect wrongdoing before sweeping up americans’ most personal information to feed into its databases?
is he alright?
the charity gala was attended by many well - dressed men and women .
rna viruses generally have very high mutation rates compared to dna viruses , because viral rna polymerases lack the proofreading ability of dna polymerases .
south korea’s hyundai motor co said on monday it is not now in talks with apple inc on autonomous electric cars, just a month after it confirmed early-stage talks with the tech giant, sending the automaker’s shares skidding.
is it ready yet?
a forearm drop is where a wrestler jumps down onto an opponent and drives their forearm into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
another in the state would prohibit the sale of dextromethorphan, or dxm, to minors without a prescription.
a slightly different explanation suggests this flexible catchphrase has to do with discarding the essential while retaining the superfluous because of excessive zeal .
for example, apple has hired burberry ceo angela ahrendts.
we will meet better , more intelligent people than the ones back in high school .
the drugstore still has many flu shots.
the movie was about two fbi investigators .
i hope to go to france one day .
i hope to become a teacher .
today is your first swimming lesson.
following the explosion , police cleared the area and searched for any additional explosive devices .
there have been numerous revivals since newer styles supplanted ragtime in the 1920s .
the warning highlights an irony at the heart of modern technology, where music, photos, letters and other documents are digitized in the hope of ensuring their long-term survival.
she said she was withholding judgement on the story until she saw clapper’s rebuttal.
he wanted to buy a book.
matt read the flier.
how are you today?
they went skiing last winter .
the note said, "dear teacher, thank you for helping me.
this species may be found in a variety of open habitats and gardens .
i ca n't read all of these books .
all five subspecies of the mourning dove look similar and cannot be told apart easily .
reading too many romance novels will keep you feeling emotional .
much of the area is irrigated .
on television , breaking the fourth wall is rare .
synthetic genomics is unlike genetic modification in the sense that it does not use naturally occurring genes in its life forms .
if the latest round of sanctions does not work, the next phase could target economic sectors like banking, obama said.
why do you say that?
the construction workers kept the site clean .
the towns which compound this department nowadays had different origin .
although benzodiazepines work very well at treating alcohol withdrawal , they should be carefully used .
his wife is vietnamese .
is he still crazy?
in modern football , the terms winger or wide player refer to a non-defender who plays on the left or right sides of the pitch .
i'll talk to you later.
that is, we understand what, for example, pain is first from our own case (nagel 1986: §2.3; peacocke 2008: ch.
similarly, in australia, some of victoria’s resorts and several melbourne suburbs have been placed on a list of the state’s 52 most vulnerable bushfire spots because long-term droughts are making trees highly combustible.
he knows best when to plant each kind of flower and vegetable .
the book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming .
she went to the airport restaurant.
apple, known to keep product plans under tight wraps, has never acknowledged talks with the automaker about building vehicles, and wasn’t immediately available for comment outside business hours in the united states.
he looked wise in a robe .
some teachers with large classes never get to know their students .
the officials announcing the new policy looked like they were ready for inevitable criticism .
liquid nitrogen has a variety of uses , as it is easy to transport , and compact .
in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .
drumming is the central element of pungmul .
entropy is simply a quantitative measure of what the second law of thermodynamics describes : the spreading of energy until it is evenly spread .
if schizophrenia is caused by bad communication between mother and child , then family interaction studies become relevant .
tutts sometimes brings a large amount of vertical wind shear over tropical disturbances in the deep tropics and cyclones and thus hinder their development .
michael walzer is one who appears to take the latter view.
just to be sure , they check the doused fire several times before they left .
construction on a new bridge began in 1987 and opened to traffic in 1992 .
the last bit of news i heard before boarding a plane to seoul a few days ago was that north korea had just fired 100 artillery shells into the sea near the border with south korea.
he wanted someone to have fun with and that was all.
a bloomery consists of a pit or chimney with heat - resistant walls made of earth , clay , or stone .
but she didn't get a flu shot.
“the millennium generation is losing its voice,” ofcom claims.
this is particularly challenging for galaxy simulations, in which the resolution is orders of magnitude coarser than necessary to form and evolve the jet.
putin has repeatedly criticized what he says is kiev's use of force against ukrainian civilians.
the circuit has been criticized by the drivers for its lack of overtaking opportunites .
medical testing for sexually transmitted infections is important for prevention .
i'll see you then.
the targets might be theists, and the goal might be to improve the doxastic position of theists.
the white - tailed eagle is a very large bird .
the glaciers crush minerals in the rock as they pass over them .
modern didgeridoo designs are distinct from the traditional australian aboriginal didgeridoo , and are innovations recognized by musicologists .
the center of a subtropical gyre is a high pressure area , which the ocean moves around .
is everyone ready?
do you get along well with your siblings ?
throughout this article we will give references to the treatise as “t”, and the enquiry as “e”.
agrology of watercress is both a large scale and a garden scale .
the internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of private and public .
but it is worth mentioning meaning fictionalism as well, both because some fictionalists appear to endorse it, and because the distinction will be relevant to some of the arguments against fictionalism.
i love having back massages .
the doctor says that frank wants to die.
sit -skis are for wheelchair users or other skiers who have paraplegia .
benefits of exercise for all ages have been known since antiquity .
the rirs divide their allocated address pools into smaller blocks and delegate them to internet service providers and other organizations in their operating regions .
murt died of cancer on 1 december 2014 , aged 68 .
it was once used as a black pigment .
“you voted for action, not politics as usual,” obama said in his address, but there was little sign that his call would be answered, with the president facing the prospect of doing business with a hostile republican-led house of representatives for at least another two years and a looming showdown over spending and debt – the so-called “fiscal cliff”.
the six-part series followed the book in great detail including all key features .
the commission, which includes former u.n. secretary-general kofi annan, virgin group founder richard branson and nobel laureate mario vargas llosa, challenges the conventional wisdom about drug markets and drug use.
have you been staying up late ?
the state-run english-language newspaper china daily also said in an editorial tuesday that an apology is called for, calling cafferty pathetic and noting, it is rare for the world audience to hear such a blatant discrimination against an ethnic group of people with such a derogatory connotation.
the sun is not warm.
the steppe region had long been inhabited by nomads , and from the central steppes they could reach all areas of the asian continent .
as reported by the federal communications commission, our media are almost entirely owned and managed by white men.
for months, divisions between islamists and more moderate blocs within the gnc have nearly paralyzed the political process and increased tensions in the country among militias affiliated with the different parties.
for the emission of light from the vicinity of a black hole these effects are more profound than for neutron stars.
these explosive components, if they remain charged and are unknown to first responders and investigators, pose a high level of risk to those working in and around the aircraft wreckage, the national transportation safety board said.
airolo is also a small ski-resort with 30 km of ski slopes .
the view mentioned in the previous note provides an example.
it would be more accurate to call them “scum houses” than scum villages, says boer, “because we don’t want to put more than one of these families in the same area”.
for this halo size, kinetic jets are less efficient in quenching unless they have wide opening or precession angles.
according to a pentagon description of their conversation, shoigu reiterated his assurance that russian forces would not invade ukraine.
the leash keeps the dog from running away .
the island 's animals are mainly of the avian variety , although rabbits are long established here .
wormholes are a common element in science fiction because they allow rapid interstellar , intergalactic , and sometimes even interuniversal travel .
they looked at him.
“apart from the accidental reintroduction of boar, we’ve done almost nothing, whereas, in much of the rest of europe, we’ve got bears, lynx and wolves coming back.
on 10 may 1940 , german troops started their surprise attack on the netherlands without a declaration of war .
they are beneficial when they enable us to communicate with distant loved ones, but not when they replace face-to-face contact.
starting in 1941 , all entering students had to be high school graduates , allowing the seminary to discontinue all high school classes .
she didn't listen to her children.
fgm may place women at higher risk of problems during pregnancy and childbirth , which are more common with the more extensive fgm procedures .
allergies and food intolerances are soaring but confusion between the two, as well as the many misdiagnoses, are causing real harm, said the information organization sense about science, which has produced a guide in collaboration with allergy specialists and charities.
he started his acting career in the late 1990s , appearing in a number of off -broadway stage productions .
with the continuous improvements of deep neural network models [15], [144], [166]; open access to efficient deep learning software libraries [175]–[177]; and easy availability of hardware required to train complex models, deep learning is fast achieving the maturity to enter into safety and security critical applications, e.g.
the game has now spread around the cricket world .
alsop died after a short illness on 12 may 2018 at the age of 70 .
oh, is that right?
the pelvic region of the trunk is the lower part of the trunk , between the abdomen and the thighs .
joe said, "oh, i'm so sorry.
do you have enough gas?
petting animals is good for relaxing people under stress .
she said it was n't a good idea .
the body wall consists of a thin syncitial layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood .
how to join?
can you explain baseball to me?
almost all wattles have cream to golden colored flowers .
nautiluses are the only cephalopods who have an external shell .
in order to communicate with each other , both the french girlfriend and the japanese boyfriend decided to learn a third language .
“many, many hundreds of people died on that field that day.
there are three categories of education and training that a mb will undergo .
it showed that 5,308,483 people were living in the united states , of whom 893,602 were slaves .
if a particle and antiparticle are in the appropriate quantum states , then they can annihilate each other and produce other particles .
why are you giving me a ticket?"
traditionally , this dance performed without any instruments .
paul gilding, former head of greenpeace, declared the earth is full, full of us, full of our stuff, full of our waste and full of our demands, and warned of harsh and potentially violent disruption ahead as the reckoning comes for a planet living beyond its means.
the home uniform colors of the club are red and white .
we always suspected that, of course, but here’s the data.”
jacobi also gave an explanation for his sudden decision to publish the letters.
she pierced her tongue .
the basic economical activity of this department is the cattle breeding .
i think i can go in a few minutes.
depression, along with drug and alcohol abuse, has risen dramatically.
[9] demonstrated the impressive performance of a convolutional neural network (cnn) [10] based model on a very challenging large-scale visual recognition task [11] in 2012.
governments shouldn’t assume that, just because somebody’s income hits $1.25, that means job done,” said andrew shepherd, research fellow at the overseas development institute, a partner of cpan, and lead author of the report.
a person who plays the trombone is called a trombonist or trombone player .
having said that, it is not clear how serious the boundary problem is for naturalists.
i will, and i'll study hard, too.
have you seen my sister ?
they forage on wet ground or in shallow water , mainly eating insects , small fish and some seeds .
the victims had their blood tested for alcohol levels.
of course, the ukrainian nazi movement is small, and ukraine is dwarfed by russia, which puts putin in the role of the dominant regional power picking on a small country and exploiting its extremist politics for the purpose of propaganda.
the collective noun for a group of quail is a flock , covey or bevy .
despite the name of the band , or the band 's logo , the members do not consider themselves antitheist .
he let her go.
my project is due very soon.
at any rate, we can identify clear exemplars of theorists who regard equality of a certain sort as a timeless unchanging moral requirement.
and from canada, we learned how smartphones can make bike- sharing more convenient.
is responsible for emulating realistic laws of physics within the application .
my aunt had three daughters .
another application of materials science in industry is making composite materials .
they are from all around the world.
the constant field and the pulse field are usually set perpendicular to each other .
he found his toothbrush.
ten matches happened at the show , including three on the pre-show .
the third rail is usually located outside the two running rails , but occasionally between them .
hall spent his career examining the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms .
hornworts may be found worldwide , though they tend to grow only in places that are damp or humid .
it flies slowly with its head facing downwards to see its prey .
hurry, before the line gets too long.
the median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 .
as dance progressed into the 19th century , the emphasis on technical skill increased , as did the desire to dance en pointe without the aid of wires .
argonauts are capable of altering their color .
it was on sale.
but in the inland areas more than half of the population was serbo- croatian speaking , after the first years of the eighteenth century .
clear indications of panpsychist doctrines are evident in early greek thought.
pec is often described in the media as a pressure group , and regularly makes public comment about language - related news stories , particularly jargon .
her husband loved donna.
the activists who are spearheading syria's revolution insist that the opposition exile leadership has a limited mandate and that is to discuss details for the transfer of power from the assad family to the opposition.
some of the tools for measuring the voltage are the voltmeter and the oscilloscope .
but one day pam pushed sharon.
tuning forks also play a role in several alternative therapy practices , such as sonopuncture and polarity therapy .
﻿like veins carrying the lifeblood of a city, a subway system teems with billions of inhabitants: the bacteria of swiss cheese and kimchi, of bubonic plague and drug-proof bugs and of human skin.
the eastern border of the province corresponds to the western side of the maas , which originates in france .
the book series does not happen in one particular timeframe .
the mechanism of sound masking can be explained by analogy with light .
unfortunately, it may well be a stepping stone to involvement in the affairs of the baltic states -- which are firmly in nato and the eu.
details of the storylines can be found in the articles on each music drama .
al-shabaab lost its leader godane in a u.s. missile strike last week and has lost large areas of somalia it once controlled to ground offensives by kenyan, ethiopian and african union forces.
postum is an instant type of coffee substitute made from roasted wheat bran , wheat and molasses .
males of many species exhibit gregarious mud-puddling behavior when they may imbibe salts from moist soils .
i thought i could check out videos for free.
and, he said, despite my repeated support for the beijing olympics, the chinese authorities, with the intention of creating a rift between the chinese people and myself, the chinese authorities assert that i am trying to sabotage the games.
the weeks family began to suffer from a series of family tragedies almost at once after the completion of the house .
i think i need to lose a few more kilograms .
anything to cool us down, alice.
clerical and administrative support has been significantly enhanced in recent times .
the labrum is a second kind of cartilage in the shoulder which is distinctly different from the articular cartilage .
(however, gale seems to have changed his mind and in recent writings proposed and defended his own version of the cosmological argument, which we will consider below.)
on television , breaking the fourth wall has been done throughout the history of the medium .
they have mobile units , such as jeeps or convertibles , thanks to which they can quickly reach the required events .
death, depression, and short attention span are other examples of processes or conditions that have undergone intense medicalization.
its report scared hankyu-hanshin and other hoteliers into admitting that they, too, had hoodwinked diners who believed they were paying high prices for premium ingredients.
his car radio was on.
the magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets .
he sees the toy.
"this looks delicious," brian said.
want to meet for a drink after work?
if hypotheses may be drawn from knowledge of other deep-sea cephalopods , the vampire squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs .
hubs can be used for : historically , the main reason for purchasing hubs rather than switches was their price .
everyone looked for the missing boys .
many forms of amnesia fix themselves without being treated .
finally, drawing on the reviewed literature, we provide a broader outlook of this research direction.
demarest traveled around on foot to learn more about the earth 's structure .
“determinate negation” (bestimmte negation) indicates that immanent criticism is the way to wrest truth from ideology.
in 2001 , the local community published its own findings about the forest 's sustainable management .
there is no way i can take all of these home .
the moon was a big, bright light.
she has grown old, but she is still very strong.
“are there multiple conditions that lead to the formation of false memories?
their boss was angry.
understood in this second way, our principle maintains that if an action involves breaking a promise, that counts against it.
well, at least the weather is nice.
in some cases of multiple bonds between two atoms , there is no sigma bond at all , only pi bonds .
the men whom the reporters followed were famous musicians .
the list is sorted by occupation and by nationality .
roads entering the city are narrowed and have small chicanes to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by cctv cameras .
the median income for a household in the city as of the 2000 census was $ 62,550 , while the median income for a family was $ 67,500 .
should she give him a watch?
whales are generally peaceful animals .
there are two temples .
in 2016 cocks was diagnosed with kidney cancer .
the field was covered with beautiful butterflies .
sexual development can occur when amoeboid cells are starved for their bacterial food supply and dark humid conditions are present .
it became extinct in africa some 1.5 million years ago .
tunnels are dug in types of materials varying from soft clay to hard rock .
in may 2015 , brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of zika fever .
they are considered one of the most successful groups of studio musicians in music history .
by telling jokes in class professor allen kept his students alert and amused .
consequences are varied and quite interested (for more see below, especially section 2.1).
she never got the flu, either.
air cooling is making the temperature of an object lower using air .
one prisoner sleeps in the bottom bunk bed.
the magazine faces a €10,000 fine for every day it fails to comply with the order.
the opposition wants the cease-fire in order to field mass protests.
brosnan saw a bit of an upturn commercially, while craig has taken it to new levels.
the weather forecast for glastonbury was positive, with the festival due to be sunny and dry, experts ruling out a repeat of 1985, the festival’s windiest year; 1997, its muddiest; and 2005, known as the “year of thunder”.
the communist nation has not replied to the offer, chun was quoted as saying.
the executive in a legal system serves as the center of political authority of the state .
but an over-allocation, coupled with the effects of the financial crisis and recession, has led to a large surplus of permits on the market, which has in turn led to a plunge in permit prices.
christopher wrote a letter to his sister.
many court decisions are published in more than one reporter .
the story has been changed many times in the centuries following its publication .
jobs and economic growth are expected to top the agenda at a time of growing tension between u.s. and european countries over the way to fix the global economy.
the teacher is very good.
his dad liked to see the bugs.
plant cells which are differentiated generally cannot divide or produce cells of a different type .
he went to the first class.
long- term misuse of alcohol can cause a wide range of mental health problems .
a rare side effect of propofol is propofol infusion syndrome .
have two babies.
the park was declared a reserve in 1964 and on 12 june 1981 it became the 28th national park of thailand .
you owe me!
he lost his chance to apply when he showed up late .
hurricanes form over water .
traditionally , the didgeridoo was played as an accompaniment to ceremonial dancing and singing and for solo or recreational purposes .
sometimes, yablo says, numbers — and other props — are used as mere representational aids, but sometimes they also function as things represented.
“hair is not involved in allergic reactions so testing hair samples cannot provide any useful information on allergic status.” nor should people be deceived into thinking allergies are caused by an “energy blockage” that can be diagnosed by muscle testing and cured by acupuncture.
techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to reduce these branch penalties .
death masks were increasingly used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record variations in human physiognomy .
the soup is hot.
tvlm513 - 46546 is the name scientists give to a flare star with very low mass .
the mayor announced free flu shots.
but very little beyond lone wolf attacks by distant sympathizers of al qaeda has happened since.
to date, only four of syria's 14 governorates constitute the major hubs of the protest movement: homs, hama, idlib and daraa.
the tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when boarding , or during the ride by a conductor .
she painted for two years and finally she finished her masterpiece .
the building was completed in 1941 , after the start of world war ii .
we watch the olympics on tv .
the professors currently hold their positions for three years , extendable for a fourth year .
a gorilla 's lifespan is between 35 and 40 years , although zoo gorillas may live for 50 years or more because they have more food .
ofcom has said 18% of internet users aged over 12 admit to having recently pirated content, and 9% say they fear getting caught.
we are expecting another heat wave .
what 's the date today ?
the ios 6.1 update released on january 28 , 2013 had reports of reduced battery life and problems with signal strength .
did pat want to wash her clothes in cold water, warm water, or hot water?
“the virtopsy has the potential to replace the autopsy one day,” richard dirndorfer, one of the pioneers of dna analysis in criminology, and a founder developer of virtopsy, told the german science magazine pm .
urinary tract infections have been described since ancient times .
koreas in 2013: watch the generational politics estimates of the size, or yield, of the 2009 nuclear test range from 2.5 kilotons to 6 kilotons, pinkston said.
british fascism is based upon british nationalism .
the metatarsal bones are often broken by soccer players .
human behavior is believed to be influenced by the endocrine system and the nervous system .
the use of military organisations to police civilian populations is common to many time periods and cultures .
skofterud was killed in a jet skiing accident on 29 july 2018 in arendal , norway , aged 38 .
modern physical chemistry originated in the 1860s to 1880s with work on chemical thermodynamics , electrolytes in solutions , chemical kinetics and other subjects .
in many contexts , it is common to associate a sign with the measure of an angle , particularly an oriented angle or an angle of rotation .
the federal court summoned 600 jurors to fill out a preliminary juror questionnaire in the case, according to court documents.
the grade is mostly used in mountaineering and big wall climbing .
(mackie 1982: 19–20) with the notion of “natural law” thus redefined, the “violation” definition becomes virtually equivalent to the earlier definition of a miracle as an event that exceeds the productive power of nature.
yet even in the case of a doctor, where assistance is a matter of justice, our claim on that assistance is limited by the claims of others as well as a regard for our well-being.
leicester’s museums’ service is working on plans for a new visitor centre in an old school building overlooking the site.
the white - tailed eagle is a very large bird and one of the largest living birds of prey .
soaps and detergents help to spread the oils and dirt particles through the water , so they can be washed away .
in their work, tonagawa’s team used a technique known as optogenetics, which allows the fine control of individual brain cells.
it was supposed that he possessed a healing power against snakebites .
they have also proposed a “kiruna portal ”, a kind of mass salvage yard, where materials from the doomed homes can be brought and hopefully recycled in the construction of the new buildings – although, given that sweden has no tradition of self-build, it’s hard to see this taking off.
there are more than 90 flavors worldwide .
this is due to the fact that similar to other crops, cocoa needs extensive uninterrupted and incessant interaction with the forces of nature.
want to color with me?
in retirement, she wrote highly successful memoirs in two volumes and campaigned energetically on behalf of the thatcher foundation, which sought to promote her values around the world.
i have to work and i am not afraid.
what was he going to do with them?
the vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin .
nice to meet you!
usually each partition contains exactly one file system .
she didn't call at 7:15.
he took a knife from the kitchen drawer.
she went school with in - depth study of languages .
she looked quite ragged after spending the day at the preschool .
the site consists of six concentric oval rings of postholes , the outermost being about 43 by wide .
by daybreak of june 17 , the british became aware of the presence of colonial forces on the peninsula and mounted an attack against them that day .
there are two challenges.
molly has bright red hair.
in some organisms , especially vertebrates , the various hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters .
the garrison were auxiliaries , roman infantry or cavalry units , not parts of roman legions .
i can't wait to go.
this entry will negotiate camus’s deliberate ambivalence as a philosopher while discussing his philosophy.
obama and democrats argue that entitlement programs such as social security, medicare and medicaid are vital to the social contract to provide contributing citizens with basic needs, and that government also has a role to play in education and technological development while providing services such as national defense and disaster relief.
cyclothymia is also an old name for bipolar disorder .
statutory damages are an amount stated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff .
the grade is more relevant to mountaineering and big wall climbing , and often not stated when talking about short rock climbs .
it is simply immoral, in my view, for us to continue to rack up larger and larger debts and pass them on to our kids, knowing full well that we 'll all be dead and gone before it's paid off.
high treason is punished by life in prison .
people cheering with a loud voice encouraged the runners .
having diabetes during pregnancy by itself may not be so bad, but if you do n't take care of it, there may be consequences on the brain development of the child, says garibaldi, who was not involved in the study.
a geologic section has to fulfill a set of criteria to be adapted as a gssp by the ics .
the common cold is the most common human disease and people are affected all around the world .
it had four bedrooms.
heavy rotation or power rotation is a term that applies to a list of songs that get the most airplay on a radio station .
the movie was well - liked by critics and audiences .
the fox was quick.
"all kinds of crime," said braddon.
photolysis is part of the light- dependent reactions of photosynthesis .
some computer languages and the ieee 754 - 2008 standard dictate that in straightforward calculations , the result should not be rounded twice .
he said he hoped the research would provide “a baseline” of research for health officials and geneticists, and could help health officials to be better prepared to prevent and track diseases and pathogens.
another bee-inspired stigmergic computational technique called bee colony optimization is employed in internet server optimization .
alice told her son jesse to go to his room.
mindy always wore cute orange earrings .
the cat was not moving.
lithium carbonate is generated by combining lithium peroxide with carbon dioxide .
various forms of competition can be referred to by the term championship .
george knew he was good at playing hide and seek , and advised tina to hide between the wall and the tree .
on the day of her death she was reported to have held hands with her twin brother as she walked to her death .
he does n't know how to do it .
introduction deep learning [1] is providing major breakthroughs in solving the problems that have withstood many attempts of machine learning and artificial intelligence community in the past.
my brother loved his pet mouse .
to get actors like fiennes in, they have to be happy with the director.” among other achievements, skyfall virtually doubled the box office of its predecessor, quantum of solace, which managed a worldwide figure of $586m on its release in 2008.
jack loved looking at his eggs.
troubadour songs were mainly about chivalry and courtly love .
the theory is that tablet computers – among the most popular christmas presents in 2012 and 2013 – have brought many older people online for longer.
a contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than typical levels or that would not otherwise be there .
women did not get the federal vote until 1971 .
jill was always excited to eat melons .
you have read it?
and turkle pointed out that japanese researchers are developing robots to provide care to the elderly and to children.
in the law , testimony is a form of evidence given by a witness who makes a solemn statement or declaration of fact .
he washed the plate with dishwashing soap.
mitchell faces federal charges of kidnapping and transporting a minor across state lines for improper purposes.
foot is skeptical of any attempt to resolve the abortion debate without settling the issue of whether and when the fetus has moral rights, and she regards this as an intractable issue (md 87).
the base of the village preaching cross dates from the 7th century .
she wanted to make a difference in the lives of the orphans .
you can always try a cafe.
the county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still largely rural .
the children have already gone to sleep .
although i had a three day weekend , i did n't get much done because i procrastinated most of the time .
"what can i do?"
i wish i could have done it .
leo died in 1289 from arsenic , and was succeeded by his son hetoum ii .
banana fiber harvested from the pseudostems and leaves of the plant has been used for textiles in asia since at least the 13th century .
he is a man whom i have trusted with all my investments .
their treatment of conditionals and modalities implies that — like most hellenistic philosophers — diodorus and philo worked with a concept of proposition that differs from ours in that it allows truth-values to change over time.
“the message from this announcement should be clear to every culpable individual who remains in the shadows, hoping to evade our investigation: you will not escape our focus,” said lynch.
louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft as well .
he never ate anything inside his car.
by may 2008 , rickrolling had become an internet hit or phenomenon and very soon rickrolling was being covered on mainstream media .
hepatitis c testing typically begins with blood testing to detect the presence of antibodies to the hcv , using an enzyme immunoassay .
there should be multiple ways of sending emergency information so that if one does not work , the others might .
a fishing port is a port or harbor used by people who are fishing .
she told him to stop eating candy.
he didn't have a yard.
the company has since launched a nationwide marketing campaign to combat animal rights activists claims that, among other things, captive orcas die at a younger age than their wild counterparts.
lateral undulation is the sole mode of aquatic locomotion , and the most common mode of terrestrial locomotion .
french is spoken by almost all the population .
ahead of the world cup finals a satirical video purportedly showing a north korean newscast declaring the north's team a finalist for the world cup went viral, repeated as if it were true, as just another amusing moment from pyongyang.
the general trend towards medicalizing pregnancy and birth has had several ethically noteworthy effects (davis-floyd 2004, duden 1993, mitchell 2001, morgan 1998, sherwin 1992).
brian speeds up.
how do i know if you even did the homework?
6; kant 2003, b 627; frege 1966, pp.
machiavelli acknowledges that good laws and good arms constitute the dual foundations of a well-ordered political system.
insight can be conceptualized as a two phase process .
pipelining improves performance by allowing a number of instructions to work their way through the processor at the same time .
football players often get injured .
the babysitter gave him some grape juice .
what do you plan to do after you graduate from here?
statistically speaking , elevators are extremely safe .
the japanese government decided to build more buildings that reflected the japanese culture in order to make japan more appealing for visiting foreigners .
nothing will ever replace the first dog he ever got .
he called up the post office.
bibliomania is not to be confused with bibliophilia , which is the usual love of books and is not considered a clinical psychological disorder .
this is fun.
he looked out the window.
the shoe began to shine.
people here are mainly engaged in agriculture such as paddy , banana and tapioca .
this is making me feel really old.
the following players have also been called up to the england squad within the last 12 months .
he needed one in order to be friends with tom .
many countries also have their own exams .
brent pulled over to the side of the road.
the document claims “collection directly from the servers” of major us service providers.
it 's always crowded on friday nights .
a group that makes more money than it spends can lend or invest the excess profit .
a chair shot is where a wrestler hits their opponent with a chair .
larger code size can be used to increase program speed when using .
saakashvili, whose country's bid to join nato has been stalled for several years, said that he hoped the alliance's involvement would prompt russia to withdraw its troops from georgia.
my mother loves antique furniture .
these emergencies occur whenever there is a tragic event such as the september 11, 2001 attacks on the country, and other emergencies like earthquakes, mudslides, or floods.
rather than relying on facial tics, talking too much or waving of arms – all seen as tell-tale signs of lying – the new method involves monitoring full-body motions to provide an indicator of signs of guilty feelings.
we faced a hostile and angry crowd .
another law in california focuses on school athletes suspected of having a concussion or head injury.
with county codes , which were official until 1974 .
"you should eat more sugar," her friend told her.
he found some comets , such as the periodic comet 22p / kopff and the non-periodic c / 1906 e1 .
the total area of the islets is about 187,554 m2 , with their highest point at 168.5 m on the west islet .
we have to go secretly.
there have been nearly a hundred cases of kidnapping in the past six months .
he couldn't find his glasses.
i can help you.
very little is known about how long they live .
keratinocytes , a type of skin cell , migrate with a rolling motion during the process of wound healing .
how many frogs are in your aquarium ?
genet developed throat cancer and died on 15 april 1986 in paris .
sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores , commencing with the fusion of an archegonium and an antheridium , with sharing of nuclei .
the game started to be developed in early 2012 .
thales notes that magnets and, under certain circumstances, amber, can move themselves and concludes that they therefore possess minds.
the freed observer was from sweden and had been suffering from diabetes, ponomarev spokeswoman stella khorosheva told cnn.
pelvis can mean the lower part of the trunk of the human body , between the abdomen and the thighs .
then i'll go look for you.
they want to put the products, used by an estimated 1.3 million people in britain by 2014, on the same legal basis as gums, patches and mouth sprays aimed at helping smokers to quit, but the industry says the expensive process of licensing would help force alternatives to tobacco off the shelves.
i wonder why people still die of curable diseases .
she was given several distinguished awards for her work .
one of the biggest factors behind the rise in coal use has been the massive increase in the use of shale gas in the us.
by 1880 the reliable water source had attracted many settlers .
of the total exploitation length of route 72 % or 2117 km are in common carrier service and does not include industrial lines .
nor do i have any wish to drive a wedge between the tibetan and chinese peoples, he wrote.
historic scotland had direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 360 monuments in its care , about a quarter of which are manned and charge admission entry .
not all of the students in my art class can draw .
nancie prud’homme, projects director at the international centre on human rights and drug policy, criticized the co-ordinated opposition to bolivia’s demands.
the decision whether a person is a refugee or not is most often left to certain government agencies with the host country .
thirty -one of the soundtrack 's songs feature vocals .
following the overthrow of libyan president moammar gadhafi, many tuareg who had been fighting for gadhafi's forces reportedly returned to northern mali, bringing their weapons with them.
the tech industry has a well-documented pipeline problem, one largely the result of gender stereotypes that reach into the educational system.
however, to successfully solve the variety of challenges, we need variety in our solutions as well.
the principal difference between the bjt and hbt is in the use of different semiconductor materials for the emitter and base regions , making a heterojunction .
in korea and japan , the traditional writing system was simplified so it could be taught to the general public .
she wanted a card that said the right thing.
that was a funny story," barbara said.
to the contrary, illegal drug markets and the organized criminal organizations that traffic them have grown, the group found.
there were many pictures of dolls.
processors were found to be generating a benefit of us$ 76/ton of ofsp processed with a margin to a total cost ratio of 19% implying a relatively low margin with significant processing costs.
in the united states , the term lien generally refers to a wide range of encumbrances and would include other forms of mortgage or charge .
sweden-based klarna saw fast growth over the past year, especially purchases in the $100-$200 range, said its u.s. head, david sykes.
below is a list of longest reigning cruiserweight champions in boxing measured by the individual 's longest reign .
craig fugate, administrator of the emergency management agency, told reporters tuesday that the agency had $3.6 billion remaining in its disaster relief fund.
he had to get up early the next day .
opium poppy cultivation and drug trafficking have important role in the political and economic situation of afghanistan for last twenty - five years .
gorgoneia painted on the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are not as ugly , strange or frightening .
the azawad national liberation movement -- known as the mnla, the initials for its name in french -- is fighting for independence for the northern part of mali, a region that it refers to as azawad.
what is striking about these early attempts to formulate an integrated theory of reality is that the mind and particularly consciousness keep arising as special problems.
because of their tough , loose skin , honey badgers are difficult to kill with dogs .
the entire synod is divided into 35 districts , usually representing a specific geographic area .
please use a blue or black pen.
forty - nine people have been governor of the state .
there are a number of proposed quantum gravity theories .
her mother said that peter is rude.
the regime's unpredictability is one of the factors that allow a small, impoverished state, unable to feed its own people, to stand toe to toe with much more powerful rivals.
i told them what i was thinking .
her strong endorsement of the domestic phone records collection indicates that the powerful senate democrat is not yet prepared to expand the criticism of the nsa that she has launched, “totally opposing” its surveillance of foreign allied leaders – a more traditional intelligence activity than bulk phone metadata surveillance.
south korea accuses the north of torpedoing and sinking one of its warships in march 2010, killing 46 sailors, and last november, north korea shelled yeonpyeong island, killing two south korean marines and two civilians.
the direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers .
herman said yes.
it’s a massive turnaround from the centuries of persecution.” the survey found the eurasian lynx living permanently in 11 population groups across 23 european countries, of which only five were native populations, indicating the success of reintroduction efforts.
as of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 8,343 , up from 7,172 as of 2005 .
they all seemed scared of the noises .
artists produce art, or works of creative significance, including music, paintings, drawings, poetry, writing, and more.
we sat watching the sunset .
he looked through the books carefully .
we can meet at the bus stop and decide then.
in 2017 dunleavy announced he would run for governor in 2018 , but abandoned the race in september 2017 , citing heart problems .
he ate cashew nuts instead of popcorn .
he dropped his toothbrush.
nevertheless, contractual arrangements with the processors increased the desire to use high-quality improved planting materials and the likelihood to source them from research institutes (p<0.05).
there is news in every country.
birds have a funny walk.
the architecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing .
pubs usually will have beermats spread out across their surfaces .
during the afternoon of july 16 , a tropical depression formed thousands of miles west of mexico , and within 12 hours it strengthened into a tropical storm .
like most other male mammals , a man inherits an x chromosome from his mother and a y chromosome from his father .
she threw the tissue into the trash.
shy and harmless towards humans , smalleye hammerhead sharks are fished throughout its range and is sold as food .
childhood sexual abuse is a detestable crime, and the injuries last a lifetime.
people who are allergic to wasp venom are also allergic to hornet stings .
would you please prepare 25 pens and notepads for the meeting?
european shares extended their rally to a fourth straight day on thursday, as investors hoped for a swifter global economic recovery, while unilever’s disappointing targets weighed on london’s blue-chip index.
research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies .
i fought hard for my position in the debate .
paper clips can be bent into a crude but sometimes effective lock picking device .
i 'm looking for a carpenter .
production on the movie began in november 1999 and was finished in may 2000 , with a budget of just over $ 50 million .
like other columbids , the mourning dove drinks without lifting or tilting its head .
one central question here is whether it can ever be good for an individual to be deprived of his life, and hence one of foot’s central purposes is to determine what sort of a good life is for a person.
the prince hotel in tokyo was forced to come clean after a diner complained in a blogpost that a 'scallop' dish he had ordered contained a similar, but cheaper, type of shellfish.
four important qualities for the rocks were recognized in the tang dynasty .
capitalists also own the output of production and sell it in the market, and they control the predominant bulk of the flow of investment within the economy.
in british english , a car of this configuration is called a saloon .
many people agree that brazilian women are beautiful .
he saw a big brown dog.
people first began using weather charts in a modern way in the mid-19th century .
product labeling requirements, as well as marketing, branding and retail display restrictions, are proven to reduce youth access to tobacco products and impulse tobacco purchases.
he used to smoke cigarettes.
it was supposed that he possessed a spiritual healing power against snake bites .
(here capitalism differs from slavery and feudalism, under which systems some individuals are entitled to control, whether completely or partially, the labor power of others).
a number of other physical properties are linked to crystallography .
[1] raises questions about whether sovereignty requires the acquisition of full statehood with complete authority over domestic and international affairs, or whether something less than statehood suffices.
the theory of their use in sexual display was first proposed by davitashvili in 1961 and has gained increasing acceptance since .
the test, probably conducted in the vicinity of p'unggye, yielded several kilotons, according to assessments cited by the u.s. director of national intelligence.
sugar was bad for henry .
i will arrive at about 10 p.m. and i have an early meeting the next morning, so please could you leave an iron and ironing board in the room?
"you are a lazy dog," said the fox.
shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is is dissolved in alcohol .
it was a 1993 cadillac.
type ii rearrangements often involve double hydrogen migration in a carbon skeleton .
thank you so much.
boys should never hit little girls."
being a godmother is a special responsibility .
she told him to walk up and down the big hill every day.
pairs of wandering albatrosses mate for life and breed every two years .
spelling was diagnosed with oral cancer in 2001 .
the much vaunted enlightenment humanism, based as it was on the ideal of pure rationality was only a sham.
rivette died on 29 january 2016 from complications of alzheimer 's disease at the age of 87 , in his home in paris .
glow fuel is a mixture of methanol , nitromethane , and oil .
u.s. treasury secretary janet yellen met with top officials on thursday to discuss the volatility, and sources told reuters securities regulators were looking at all aspects of the rally and all parties involved.
are you kidding me?
well, i have to be sure to take good care of myself.
the median age in the city was 43.2 years .
i wish i knew who broke in to our house .
if zero is the point where the derivatives are considered, a taylor series is also called a maclaurin series, after colin maclaurin, who made extensive use of this special case of taylor series in the 18th century.
efficient energy use allows energy demand to slow so that rising clean energy supplies can make big cuts in fossil fuel burning .
in november 1973 , an envelope containing a lock of hair and a human ear arrived at a daily newspaper .
services can be described in terms of their main attributes .
interchangeable bits allow the use of powered screwdrivers , commonly using an electric or air motor to rotate the bit .
he wants to live for one hundred years.
i am sorry to see you in so much pain .
anderson, as passmore noted, was a generalist (passmore, introduction to anderson’s posthumous work, studies in empirical philosophy, hereafter emp).
animated sequels and movie-length episodes of animated series are also often released in this fashion .
peer-reviewed test methods have been published by government agencies and private research organizations .
several former cast members are scheduled to return to the show , or have been asked back .
senate republicans again tuesday blocked democratic legislation that would require greater transparency into who is behind much of the secretive, often negative campaign advertising filling the airwaves this election season.
a man identifying himself as a spokesman for lashkar-e-janghvi al almi, a group with links to al qaeda and the pakistan taliban, claimed responsibility for the attack in a call to radio mashaal, a pashto-language station in pakistan sponsored by the united states government.
the slump cut declines so far this year for gamestop shorts to $8.73 billion realized and unrealized losses through friday morning, according to analytics firm s3 partners.
that'll be $45.
tide pools provide a home for hardy organisms such as starfish , mussels and clams .
it was past twelve when we arrived home .
i'm usually busy.
the next day, there was no hole!
along with dozens of other disputed claims to names, including “.patagonia” and “.shangrila ”, the issue cuts to the heart of debates about the purpose and governance of the internet.
put the puck in the back of the net .
he wanted to catch four or five fish.
the nazi death camps are not an aberration, nor are mindless studio movies innocent entertainment.
nick had cancer.
pazos died on 24 may 2019 , at the age of 89 .
where was the rain?
they belong in the sky.
octopuses can operate chromatophores in complex , wavelike displays , giving rapidly changing color schemes .
his mom told him to take the bugs out of the house.
have you been there ?
he couldn't pay his rent.
was there something you were concerned about ?
the division was one of the original 65 divisions contested at the first federal election .
i wish i had more time to read .
the islet is noted for its large gannet colony .
please pick up all these things that are scattered all over the floor .
some people consider catsuits to be a fetish item .
she picked up her keys.
it 's too windy to sit outside .
she was less successful in fending off the centralizing ambitions of the “belgian empire”, her description of the european commission, especially in the years when it was headed by the french socialist jacques delors.
anaxagoras explained the appearance to the contrary in terms of a “principle of dominance and latency” (see mourelatos 1986), which asserted that some qualities were dominant in their contribution to the behavior and appearance of things.
private social audio app clubhouse is attracting masses of new users from mainland china, where the u.s. app remains uncensored by authorities despite flourishing discussions on rights, national identity and other sensitive topics.
intellectual disability has been documented under a variety of names throughout history .
the water felt so good.
much debate exists among taxonomists about which races of pocket gophers should be recognized as full species , and the following list cannot be regarded as definitive .
english isn't important anymore.
in the past three decades, the city has sunk roughly four metres, rendering its 40-year-old seawall ever less effective.
some were asked to bring the wallet to a lost-and-found box while others hid it and lied about it.
this is why some procedures worked and others didn't .
for example, as reported by barnes (1982: 96–7), diogenes claimed that thales believed that “the universe is alive and full of spirits”, but this remark is derived from an earlier claim of aristotle: “some say a soul is mingled in the whole universe—which is perhaps why thales thought that everything is full of gods”.
as an example , see the picture below : as one song ends , the next song begins .
if you found a dark spot on your skin , would you see a doctor ?
the skin is covered in chromatophores , which enable the squid to change color to suit its surroundings , making it effectively camouflaged .
everyone was okay.
please introduce me to your friend .
i do n't know where i 'm going .
i might be able to help you.
a number of other visiting diesel and steam engines have also seen service on the line .
please remember to lock the doors.
the country 's provinces are divided into 337 municipalities .
harris died on 9 may 2019 , at the age of 93 .
protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive .
another example is in the proposed biosynthesis of aranotin , an oxepine found in nature , and its related compounds .
thank you, i'm glad you're satisfied!
we went to hakone in the autumn .
there are five hiking trails on hallasan .
u.s. and russian defense secretaries speak u.s. defense secretary chuck hagel spoke on the phone with russian defense minister sergei shoigu on monday.
she rubbed the soap with her hands.
the seven pitches of any diatonic scale can also be obtained by using a chain of six perfect fifths .
at the time, the law firm said it was considering adding asiana and certain parts manufacturers to the lawsuit, but friday's filing named only boeing, kelly said.
he called up his brother.
a little bit, but they are safe.
the show affects a retro-1950s look , with simple animation and colors .
in the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous : eggs and sperms are shed at the same time .
christian metal bands exist in most of the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link among most christian metal bands are the lyrics .
“it shows, if people are willing to protect nature and if political will is translated into strong legislation like the habitats directive, it’s possible to achieve results in wildlife protection.” the revival was welcomed by author and commentator george monbiot, who is launching rewilding britain, a new charity to encourage the return of wild landscape and extinct species.
bioorganic chemistry is that branch of life science that deals with the study of biological processes using chemical methods .
there are three types of conics : the ellipse , parabola , and hyperbola .
“we want to be as sustainable as we can.
however, there is an increasing number of applications where data are generated from non-euclidean domains and are represented as graphs with complex relationships and interdependency between objects.
this boosted its investment bank, whose revenue rose 32% to 9.28 billion euros in 2020, and by 28% in its key fixed-income and currency sales and trading business.
the salt - water lake has a length , from northwest to southeast , of 22 km .
adopting a vegetarian diet is one option to increase the amount of water available to grow more food in an increasingly climate-erratic world, the scientists said.
the use of medial caps for identifiers is recommended by many organizations and software projects .
it has over 100 locations in canada as well as some in the united states .
the people were happy.
meeting room 7 how much?
hyperbolas may be seen in many sundials .
the botanical exhibits are placed according to their start in free-air or climate controlled greenhouses , which also contain many tropical and subtropical plants .
in this case, netanyahu has been charged with bribery, fraud and breach of trust.
please deliver it on saturday."
types of state can be separated into two categories : democracy and dictatorship .
this year i want to learn to surf.
the municipality had 258 inhabitants in 2003 and an area of 32.73 km2 .
the terms “idealism” and “idealist” are by no means used only within philosophy; they are used in many everyday contexts as well.
don't judge me.
a claw is made of hard protein called keratin .
meads was widely considered one of the greatest players in history .
then it stopped barking.
why didn't he tell her the truth?
publicly accessible , it is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics .
debby started to cry.
tony's kitchen 231 reviews chicken, pizzas, vegetarian 17 broad street opening at 11:30 menu reviews info meat and fish grilled fish of the day £8.00 steak with chips or salad £12.00 sausage and roast tomato pasta £7.00 chicken salad with garlic yoghurt dressing £7.00 vegetarian cheese and tomato pizza £7.00 mushroom omelette £6.00 vegetable chili £7.00 soup of the day with brown or white bread £4.00 something sweet homemade carrot cake £3.50 homemade banana cake £3.50 chocolate ice cream with chocolate sauce £3.50 fresh fruit salad with grapes, mango, melon and apple, served with cream or ice cream £3.50 drinks cup of coffee £2.00 cup of tea £1.50 glass of wine, white or red £3.00 beer £3.00 water, still or sparkling £1.00 orange juice £2.00
he invented a tiny video recorder.
the common toad emerges from hibernation in spring and there is a mass migration towards the breeding sites .
foot argues that the analogy has a devastating fault.
the mineral form of potassium sulfate , arcanite , is relatively rare .
the pelican eel 's most notable feature is its large mouth , which is much larger than its body .
his themes include landscape and environmental posters , drawings of street life , and protest placards .
while they count the cost to their reputations, the hotels and restaurants involved are unlikely to face legal action.
city and state laws establish the duties of citizens and enforce them with coercive legal power.
spain has deployed four f-18 fighter jets and a refueling plane to help enforce a no-fly zone, and a frigate, a submarine and a surveillance plane to help impose an arms embargo against the gadhafi regime.
it was a world where people lived underground .
there were no empty seats.
"goodbye," joseph said.
we have the zoo on speed dial, lutz said.
it is also possible to associate a sign to an angle of rotation in three dimensions , assuming the axis of rotation has been oriented .
there are two types of softball : fastpitch and slow pitch .
in the afternoon they are long.
i 'm throwing out all these useless things .
fearing that those responsible for the current unrest could loot or destroy the treasures, librarians and curators are making efforts to hide the texts or smuggle them out of the city to safety.
in chemistry, molecules are modeled as graphs, and their bioactivity needs to be identified for drug discovery.
some backpacks are specifically designed to carry certain items .
we all – politicians, business and people – have an interest, and a responsibility, to act to ensure we protect what we all value: a healthy future for people and nature.
for most of its 4.5 billion - year lifetime , wild 2 probably had a more distant and circular orbit .
the discussion became a hot topic on china’s own twitter-like social media site weibo on saturday.
slideshow ( 3 images ) wiping $2.1 billion off its market value, hyundai’s stock slumped 4.2% by 0330 gmt.
in order to enable the promotion of all form 3 students to form 4 in the school , the school altered the class structure to a symmetrical one .
“now that we can reactivate and change the contents of memories in the brain, we can begin asking questions that were once the realm of philosophy,” said steve ramirez, a colleague of tonagawa’s at mit.
an addition reaction is the opposite of an elimination reaction .
michener wrote that he did not know who his parents were or exactly when and where he was born .
she couldn't sleep.
the method compares words in a text to a set list of everyday words .
was there good food at the gathering ?
amelia earhart was one of the first women pilots .
well, there was the haircut, and you also got the highlights.
smoked and salted cod roe paste is very popular in sweden .
usually , such drives will be stamped with a company 's logo , as a form of advertising .
on april 1 , 2016 the case was heard by the court of appeals .
clonidine may be used along with benzodiazepines to help some of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal .
a satellite terminal is a building that is not joined to other airport buildings .
there are many kinds of icosahedra , with some being more symmetrical than others .
did you hear what i just said to you ?
it 's unusual to see a butler nowadays .
ben seemed talkative but he 's usually rather quiet .
she ate spaghetti every week .
buying an ebook is as expensive as buying a real book .
the of appellate courts to review decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another .
especially gene abbreviations / symbols but also full gene names are often not specific for a single gene .
the book has been in print since it was first published , and has sold over one million copies .
after mating , the male shows the female all the potential nest sites , and lets the female choose one and build the nest .
he sat down in the large wooden chair.
cryptobranchids are large salamanders , with large folds of skin along their flanks .
when the u.s. joined world war ii in december 1941 , it was thought to be a luxury to fly .
ted began in the 1980s with the intention of focusing on technology, entertainment and design, and its conferences typically are sold out, attracting an audience of high achievers willing to pay $7,500 to attend.
the doctor gave lucy a shot.
fourth is the high-strength metal shield that must be placed behind the head of all top fuel drivers .
a stellar classification of m3.5v makes this a red dwarf star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core .
there are three differences to the previous report .
sartre’s own ideas were and are better known through his fictional works (such as nausea and no exit) than through his more purely philosophical ones (such as being and nothingness and critique of dialectical reason), and the postwar years found a very diverse coterie of writers and artists linked under the term: retrospectively, dostoevsky, ibsen, and kafka were conscripted; in paris there were jean genet, andré gide, andré malraux, and the expatriate samuel beckett; the norwegian knut hamsun and the romanian eugene ionesco belong to the club; artists such as alberto giacometti and even abstract expressionists such as jackson pollock, arshile gorky, and willem de kooning, and filmmakers such as jean-luc godard and ingmar bergman were understood in existential terms.
for different rings to exist , something must separate them .
a significant credit for the current popularity of deep learning can also be attributed to this seminal work.
the treaty also describes a mutual , cooperative approach to environmental technology regulations and energy conservation ; and toward international finance and trade .
laundry is such a hassle!
he coughed again.
for the u.n. and north korea: game on tuesday's underground nuclear test is north korea's third, following tests in 2009 and 2006.
the park has 104 species of plants .
he looked at the pictures on the second page.
the neighborhood has had notable residents .
he was very skilled in singing .
an anime based on this manga aired between april and july 2011 .
people have been pedicuring their nails for more than 4,000 years .
tom's father had an idea.
in mathematics, the taylor series of a function is an infinite sum of terms that are expressed in terms of the function's derivatives at a single point.
it must say, "happy birthday!"
it is winter.
the decline of coal consumption in the us has helped to cut prices for coal globally.
later reception of the album has been more uniformly positive .
both cetaceans and artiodactyl are now classified under the super-order cetartiodactyla , which includes both whales and hippopotamuses .
the little boy spilled ice cream on his sneakers .
a deranged genetic scientist abducts college students as human guinea pigs that he uses in his experiments in crossbreeding plants with humans .
are there any errors ?
his passion for science came from his lifelong love of horses .
chinese regulators have hit online discount retailer vipshop holdings ltd with a 3 million yuan ($464,000) fine, the biggest to date in a recent clampdown on anti-competitive behaviour among internet firms.
the man whom we admired turned out to be a liar and a fraud .
green toads are green or yellow with black spots .
issuing a statement while traveling in new delhi, india, the spiritual leader of tibetan buddhists called on china to exercise wisdom and to initiate a meaningful dialogue with the tibetan people.
insect galls are usually induced by chemicals injected by the larvae or the adults of the insects into the plants , and possibly by mechanical damage .
she is a woman whom the press adores .
shores are influenced by the topography of the surrounding landscape , as well as by water induced erosion , such as waves .
1. who are the 'chronically poor'?
i didn't know that about you.
among these contributions one can mention n.r.
but these measures are a far cry from any alleged interference of u.n. lawyers in our schools and homes.
recently, there is increasing interest in extending deep learning approaches for graph data.
indonesia may receive less rainfall between july and october, but the coastal regions around the south china sea and gulf of thailand can expect increased rainfall extremes when cyclones hit land.
however , after a massive stroke in april 1940 , plans were made for his lying - in-state and state funeral .
the second standout success was the development of a hybrid drl system, alphago, that defeated a human world champion in go [128], paralleling the historic achievement of ibm’s deep blue in chess two decades earlier [19] and ibm’s watson deepqa system that beat the best human jeopardy!
they needed a shine.
the day to day work of government might be exercised indirectly through local assemblies or indigenous rulers who paid tribute, but sovereignty rested with the british.
according to statistics canada , the county has a total area of 2004.44 km2 .
the movie is about aliens who want to stop humans from creating a weapon that will destroy the universe .
modern physical chemistry was developed in the 1860s to 1880s with work on chemical thermodynamics , electrolytes in solutions , chemical kinetics and other subjects .
she locked her door with her house key.
upon its grand opening , the armory 's size seemed inadequate for a work force .
the purple tint looked nice.
failure rates are important factors in insurance , business , and regulation practices as well as fundamental to design of safe systems throughout a national or international economy .
in this paper, we consider the orbital evolution of subhaloes in their host halo, given the mass assembly history of the latter.
with dozens of users at any given time, the signal strength of kcho’s wi-fi gets diluted.
i can't afford it.
the report argues that if the inequalities that affect the poorest people – such as access to land, labour markets and the power relationships between men and women – are addressed, this would tackle two goals at the same time: reducing chronic poverty and inequality.
gastrotrichs are eutelic : each species has a genetically fixed number of cells as adults .
[2][3] today, calculus has widespread uses in science, engineering, and economics.
the opposite of electronegativity is electropositivity ; the measure of how well an atom gives away electrons .
if they were at my house , i would have fed them .
mrs. dalloway finds giving parties enjoyable .
they could park their car next to the lake.
in the first two years of the library , 75 volumes were purchased , and 150 volumes were donated .
the hillsborough independent panel had inspected 450,000 documents generated by the police, sheffield wednesday and all other bodies responsible, and delivered its remarkable 395- page report indicting official failings and vindicating the victims and football supporters.
in november 1641, however, the utrecht professor inaugurated another series of disputations in which he transgressed from medicine to philosophy and, by implication, into theology, and thereby provoked a controversy that continued for more than a decade.
the work is anonymous , although there has been extensive speculation on the author 's identity .
the boy doing kendama tricks is my son .
he was unconscious when brought to the hospital.
new messages 10 sep, 00:04 – israa al ahmadi hi everyone!
but children with both risk factors -- those who were exposed to gestational diabetes and grew up in a less-than-affluent household -- had a 14-fold increased risk of adhd compared to children with neither risk factor.
rna viruses have very high mutation rates compared to dna viruses .
the federal structure of russia includes 85 regional parliaments .
the other students in my class are friendly.
she still had her umbrella.
from statehood until the election of 1966 , governors were elected to two -year terms .
at a conference in april in beijing, icann’s governmental advisory committee – the primary voice of national governments within the institution – recommended a freeze on disputed proposals.
until now, the differences between commercial, governmental and other types of identity were easily distinguished in every internet address by “.com”, “.gov” and 20 other categories.
the procedures of the diet of japan have moved away from the british parliamentary model .
they're not good at all.
just a few months ago, the government published a gasp-inducing racist tirade against president barack obama, calling him a clown who does not even have the basic appearance of a human being.
a nurse called his name.
the agency was created in 1990 with a team of six people .
protein biosynthesis differs between prokaryotes and eukaryotes , though parts of the process are the same in both .
he stopped at the motel.
in 1977 , the federal government placed alligators on the endangered list .
early on september 21 , the motion moved to the north as it moved along the northwest edge of the subtropical ridge .
it is difficult to describe what we have seen .
he liked his teacher.
in the natural sciences , gradualism is a theory that profound change is the product of slow but continuous processes .
brazil and peru have called for the “.amazon” application to be withdrawn, saying a private company should not be assigned a name that denotes an important geographical area that spans their territories and is also used for certain regions and cross-border organizations.
you're so helpful.
rodney's uncle is in jail.
i hear they have new vinyl.
guilt is often associated with anxiety .
we wo n't be able to solve all the problems with our effort this morning, romney said, adding one of the things you learn in life is you make the difference you can, and you ca n't always solve all the problems yourself.
tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre-determined list .
please write down what you think you should be paid .
the inquiry report established this but the police, undaunted, repeated their claims to the subsequent inquest.
her name was linda.
nematode species can be difficult to distinguish from one another .
does he have a wife ?
among the major philosophers identified as existentialists (many of whom—for instance camus and heidegger—repudiated the label) were karl jaspers, martin heidegger, and martin buber in germany, jean wahl and gabriel marcel in france, the spaniards josé ortega y gasset and miguel de unamuno, and the russians nikolai berdyaev and lev shestov.
oh yeah, you're right.
a un high-level panel considering a new development framework to succeed the millennium development goals after 2015 said the goal of eliminating extreme poverty by 2030 was within reach.
i ironed a ton of shirts last night .
nazi germany attacked the netherlands in may 1940 .
tom was bored.
he put his head on the pillow.
the saker and falcon had ranges of 360 and 320 yards if fired straight at the target , and 2,170 and 1,920 yards if fired in an upward arc .
this is going to take forever.
the coach wanted to get more information about the opposing team .
she prepared the food in a lovely manner .
i'm planning to study abroad this summer.
there was a car parked next to the house .
betty was excited.
the analysis consists of coupling the physical structure of the sources with simple chemical networks and using non-lte radiative transfer calculations to directly compare models and observations.
the woman listening to the music looked so happy .
they walked to school in the morning.
sometimes , voice- tracking is done so that people can do other jobs .
casting has begun for a second season .
i tried hard to get onto the baseball team .
resonant loop antennas are relatively large , governed by the intended wavelength of operation .
convective rainbands can form parallel mountains on their windward side .
eating more vegetables will help you to feel better .
mrs . which is the leader of the three women and the wisest .
she used to eat a lot of meat.
the bike suddenly pulled out into the road .
asked the dog.
socialists also retreated or transformed themselves into “radical democrats” (mouffe 1992, 1993, 2000).
plants in wildfire - prone ecosystems often survive through adaptations to their local fire regime .
in recent years taliban militants unleashed a wave of violence that claimed hundreds of lives in the province.
reuters/stringer calls to join protests and to back a campaign of civil disobedience have grown louder and more organised since last monday’s coup, which drew widespread international condemnation.
if you have time, please could you listen to my presentation for next week?
she read one page.
galileo’s solution, in a move reminiscent of democritus, was to strip matter of such sensory qualities.
all the listed staples are available in prepackaged containers, but can be purchased "fresh" in some grocery stores, wherein employees will measure and weigh fresh products and then provide them to customers.
“whatever means are used to implant false memories, we need to be very aware of the ethical issues raised by such procedures – the potential for abuse of such techniques cannot be overstated.”
concerts involving a greater number of artists , especially those that last for multiple days , are known as festivals .
the iphone 5c has almost the same hardware as the iphone 5 .
nanodentistry will make possible the maintenance of comprehensive oral health by employing nanomaterials, biotechnology including tissue engineering, and ultimately, dental nanorobotics (nanomedicine).
canada is made up of ten provinces and three territories .
you should pull hard to ring the bell .
the design of the trains was finalized in september 2004 , and manufacture of two pre-production trains began in january 2005 .
thank you so much!
students write messages at temples , praying for a chance to pass exams .
the dog wanted to go out.
yes, she is taking care of my brother.
hagel, the pengaton said, called for an end to what he described as russia's destabilizing influence inside ukraine and warned that continued aggression would further isolate russia and result in more diplomatic and economic pressure.
heterokont chloroplasts appear to derive from those of red algae , rather than directly from prokaryotes as occurred in plants .
2016, and references therein).
one of the main characteristics of dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation .
more than half of the world 's species of plants and animals are found in the rainforest .
"let lassie save people's lives."
tree frogs are usually tiny as their weight has to be carried by the branches and twigs in their habitats .
symbolically , spires have two effects .
this is useful in the definition of degenerate conics , which require considering the cylindrical conics .
the u.n. security council approved a resolution monday to send 4,200 peacekeepers to abyei, sudan, as part of a recent agreement between sudan and southern sudan.
the song was considered controversial upon release , because it was about religion .
the inclination of earth 's orbit drifts up and down relative to its present orbit with a cycle having a period of about 70,000 years .
ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking .
let 's walk down the fishing pier .
feature films usually have insurance in place by the time principal photography begins .
this species may be seen flying from april-october in the south .
impatiens are popular garden annuals .
you ca n't pet service dogs or police dogs .
saddest thing ever, right?
she looked at the moon.
circuit court of appeals in denver, colorado.
brad waited until the manager's lights went out.
in colonial india , the british made various penal colonies .
he was still cold.
bringing the concept of natural laws into the definition of “miracle” is, however, problematic, and for a variety of reasons many writers have found it untenable (brown 1822: 219–33; beard 1845: 35; lias 1890: 5–7; huxley 1894:154–58; joyce 1914: 17; hesse 1965; montgomery 1978; but see wardlaw 1852: 27–41).
the crop is useful disaster recovery crop when other crops fail.
escape from normal life for a few days as we have … no internet and you can only use mobile phones at the bottom of the garden!
by comparison, other firms that have been hit with penalties since late last year were fined under china’s 2008 anti-monopoly law, which allows for a much lower maximum fine of 500,000 yuan.
my father showed me how to get my passport renewed .
the main goals of earthquake engineering are : a properly engineered structure does not necessarily have to be extremely strong or expensive .
how would you go about saving their lives ?
like many toucans , keel - billed toucans are very social birds , rarely seen alone .
pollination in this genus is accomplished in an unusual manner , as the pollen is grouped into pollen sacs .
counting the number of asl signers is difficult because asl users have never been counted by the american census .
increasingly, the conflict is being framed in existential terms, with some involved becoming more radicalized.
parts of the street are often closed for events , such as an yearly street party .
the fox was brown.
patients come to an emergency department with little warning .
obama also will hold a summit with european union leaders, seeking to reaffirm a partnership with europe that many feel has gone adrift as the united states expands its partnerships in asia.
modern dry cleaning 's use of non-water - based solvents to remove soil and stains from clothes was reported as early as 1855 .
an increase in the number of white blood cells in circulation is called leukocytosis .
the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal are called the pinna .
north america’s output was down 9.5% and europe’s production declined just 1% over the same time period.
magnesium sulfate is used as a brewing salt in beer .
drug trafficking and illegal drug use is a big problem in the nation .
we watched the clouds in the sky .
the sun began to rise .
the meat used in pet food has to be derived from animals passed as ﬁ t for human consumption, under the animal feed regulations 2010, and he says the ﬁrm uses “human-grade freshly prepared raw food” in its recipes.
if its clandestine uranium-enrichment program has made strides, pyongyang could demonstrate that it will gain access to a far larger pool of fissile material than simply its limited supply of weapons-grade plutonium, wrote patrick m. cronin, an asia expert at the center for new american security, in a cnn op-ed.
by the early 1990s , a wide array of companies had their own diet refreshments on supermarket shelves .
i want to do something interesting."
they brush their teeth in the bathroom.
birds and animals of all sorts began to enrich her garden , where they were allowed to roam free among the grounds .
his students listened to almost every word he said.
it’s not as simplistic as 'fish die and people starve' – it’s more complex,” said isaac.
the real issue is n't goldberg's cluelessness, but the institutional biases that enabled him to raise $6.5 million when far more able, knowledgeable and experienced women ca n't.
after a virus has made many copies of itself , it usually has used up the cell 's resources .
oh, that's not good.
to start with, this has been an extraordinary year for hiv/aids research, with headline-grabbing breakthroughs that stand as undeniable evidence of progress toward a cure.
this site counts the last 15,000 page views from each of approximately 80,000 websites .
water turbines are divided into two groups ; reaction turbines and impulse turbines .
the lpi showed the number of vertebrates had declined by 52% over four decades.
foot believes that there is a morally significant difference between these cases.
the region is rich in sea life , with more than 4,000 species of marine molluscs and a large diversity of marine fishes .
a kiss my foot match is a type of singles match where the loser has to kiss the winner 's foot .
she does n't have enough money to spend on travel .
cloud forests are in only a few areas above 500 metres .
president bush said friday he urged restraint during a phone conversation with chinese president hu jintao earlier this week, and noted that it's in his country's interest for the government to have representatives sit down again with representatives of the dalai lama.
they played games together.
in 2011 , there are nine senators holding ministerial positions and the head of state , the first mayor .
elephant birds have been extinct since at least the 17th century .
airolo is also home to a small ski-resort with 30 km of prepared slopes .
leed is not a standard but an evaluation grid .
although many turtles spend much of their lives underwater , all turtles and tortoises breathe air , and must surface at regular intervals to refill their lungs .
i will give $300,000 to my children.
even shells and beads were sometimes used as money in the distant past .
it was 11 o'clock.
from 1968 to 1980 the bank worked mostly on meeting the basic needs of people in poor countries .
my feeling is that spectre announces that they want to hang on to the nostalgic, more age-diverse bond fan, as well as retaining the younger audience.” the initial signs are that eon productions, the company originally founded in 1961 to make dr no and that is behind all the “official” bonds, is doing its utmost to ensure lightning strikes twice by installing the key creative talent behind skyfall on spectre.
if the subject still wished to stop after all four successive verbal prods , the experiment was halted .
at a time when suicides have also shot up and the spread of hiv infections has assumed epidemic proportions, drug addicts (a population believed to be around 25,000 strong) have become increasingly self-destructive.
the game 's multiplayer mode supports up to 64 players .
the order archaeognatha is cosmopolitan ; it includes roughly 500 species in two families .
the law does not allow us to make those kinds of deals anymore .
dr camilla toulmin, director of the international institute for environment and development, says: “climate models are not yet robust enough to predict impacts at local and regional scales, but it is clear that everybody is vulnerable in some way.” the charity oxfam predicted that world hunger would worsen as climate changes inevitably hurt crop production and disrupt incomes.
the budget was around $ 15 million .
in the meantime, in the 1970s and 1980s feminist theory began to develop in the various areas of the social sciences and humanities, and in philosophy it began to arise in what were already the different traditions and areas of research.
through his work at the museum he became acquainted to many egyptologists and archaeologists who visited the museum .
this “in between” space is defined as “mutual” (gegenseitig).
a blacksmith could always find work .
i would like to see my counselor now.
the lasting impact of the marxist approach is apparent in contemporary debates about american imperialism, a term which usually means american economic hegemony, regardless of whether such power is exercised directly or indirectly (young 2001).
a number of antivirals have been tested for effectiveness in the common cold .
a schismatic is a person who creates or incites schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
before the station was built , it was named museum .
like flatworms they have a ciliated epidermis , but are unique in having but one cilium per cell .
the plant galls develop after the female insect lays the eggs .
it was a brand new mattress.
do you like cars?
construction began in ad 142 at the order of roman emperor antoninus pius , and took about twelve years to complete .
he talked to tv reporters.
critics say the patrols use racial profiling to unfairly target hispanic drivers and pedestrians, while arpaio says they have resulted in the deportation of hundreds of illegal immigrants, including some with criminal records.
here, he is an increasingly lonely voice.
“often people find that colleagues are more supportive than they’d expected.
the shadows are cold.
the movie received mainly mixed reviews .
after the shootings , the observation deck was closed .
tim was always trimming his moustache .
these facts do n't reflect women lacking in confidence ideas.
do you have any last words ?
the university 's 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003 .
the online registry is easily available to first responders, the ntsb said.
this section surveys some territory nietzsche covers under the heading “value creation”.
then she came home.
competition for water between food production and other uses will intensify pressure on essential resources, the scientists said.
dorothy roberts highlights the striking disparity of benefits enjoyed as a result of medicalization: "the multibillion-dollar apparatus devoted to technologically facilitating affluent couples' procreative decisions stands in glaring contrast to the high rate of infant death among black people, which remains more than twice the rate for whites" (2009, 784, citing mathews and macdorman 2007).
iconoclasm may be carried out by people of a different religion , but is often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion .
i don't have much, though.
there is a battle between the wilds and the pets , with the pet paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds .
in august and september 2011 the statue was vandalized three times , most recently being splashed with red paint .
the 18- to 34-year-olds surveyed were more likely to feel lonely often, to worry about feeling alone and to feel depressed because of loneliness than the over-55s.
he put the other half with the phone number in his shirt pocket.
coble had skin cancer for many years .
josias krumpf, 83, lived for years after the war in racine, wisconsin.
cenotes are surface connections to underground water bodies .
aaron brindle, project leader, said: “i live in toronto and i absolutely take for granted that everything is where it should be and that this map is kind of my world, but for so long that hasn’t been the case in the north.” unlike more populous and accessible parts of the world, which have been mapped using a special camera mounted on a car roof, the iqaluit project had mappers hiking the town’s snow-packed roads and traversing little-known trails, some of which are made of ice and disappear in the brief summer months.
i would like to see my counselor now .
she had no family.
it was tan.
approximately 278,700 tourists, both local and international, visited the park in 2017, this makes the park a significant contributor to the tourism industry (knbs, 2018).
the presenter started to speak .
rottnest is one of the few areas in the world where the native quokka can be found .
windfeld died in february 2015 after a short illness .
would you like it in a glass with ice?
french explorers and fur traders were the first europeans in the subregion .
she stopped thinking about the past so as not to make herself upset .
the opportunity for launching an invasion was limited to only a few days in each month , because a full moon was needed .
i do n't know whether she will live or die .
as the sovereign 's representative in his or her county , a lord-lieutenant remains non-political and may not hold office in any political party .
germany is a federal , parliamentary , representative democratic republic .
sweet potatoes are also important source of food in the homes of the rural and urban poor and important income source for households in tanzania.
it was henslow who was the final link to darwin in a chain connected to captain robert fitzroy of h. m. s. beagle.
routine fetal monitoring, normalization of the lithotomy position for childbirth, and episiotomies).
this paper presents the first comprehensive survey on adversarial attacks on deep learning in computer vision.
let 's create a world where education for all is valued .
environmentalists estimate that 150 million tonnes of plastic waste currently litters the planet and oceans, poisoning ecosystems and killing wildlife.
how do i get to the airport ?
she had a big, soft sofa.
today , the village and base 's combined population numbers approximately 5,400 .
you must feel very sick .
air cooling is the process of cooling an object by exposing it to air .
he took out some oil.
her eyes were wide open .
she is very excited about her upcoming trip .
stone , brick and other similar materials are strong in compression .
and much of what is in our minds is what sandberg calls a “draft” of what we might do.
oral sex is genital stimulation by the mouth .
"thank you for the peach," she said the third day.
she persuaded her husband to give her a grove of mulberry trees , where she could domesticate the worms that made these cocoons .
it was a big nail.
embryo transfer can be used for humans or animals .
there are no empirical evidence to investigate the effect of malaria on income of cocoa farmers, although there have been studies that addressed malaria effects on crop farmers in general.
georges head was later chosen as the best place to spy and fire mines which were laid underwater .
to be sure, humans have overcome predators, disease, and all sorts of other obstacles over thousands of years.
you don't have to get wasted.
the algae benefit from a safe place to live and consume the polyp 's carbon dioxide and nitrogenous waste .
in one incident -- the january 2012 fatal crash of an experimental jet near rainbow city, alabama -- a police officer became aware of the hidden dangers only after an ntsb investigator told him by phone not to allow the recovery of the pilot's remains until the pilot's ejection seat could be deactivated.
in the united states , the term lien generally refers to a wide range of legal interests .
nice to meet you.
it's nice to finally meet you.
hopes that the ballet would be ready in may were dashed .
the election results of september 18 , 2005 were surprising .
however , changes in the terms of their professional service may have created resentment .
she asked, "you don't have to think about it?"
performance changes were made to speed up tasks across supported ios devices .
he 's my big brother .
i am a boy called ned .
manuscript received dec xx, 2018; revised dec xx, 201x.
advancements in crispr technology have enabled unprecedented precision in gene editing , raising complex bioethical questions .
the pace of output recovery in the united states, the world’s no.
cosby breaks his silence huth filed her complaint long after the time permitted by the statute of limitations.
inventing new technology is only half the battle, though.
grand total 12,850,815 gross tons
an overhead kick is a move where a wrestler starts by either lying down or dropping down on the mat while the opponent standing near their head .
richard died at bosworth on 22 august 1485, the last english king to fall in battle, and the researchers revealed how for the first time.
she died on 13 february 2019 in rome from lymphoma at the age of 79 .
his teacher helped all the students.
the engineer i met at dinner last night was an interesting man .
in 2010 , there was an estimated 8,638 kayapo people .
albatrosses live much longer than other birds ; they delay breeding for longer and invest more effort into fewer young .
with that said, most americans, instead of honoring st. valentine through religious ceremony, enjoy the holiday by engaging in "romantic" behavior with their significant other or someone who they wish to be their significant other; gifts, special dinners, and other acknowledgements of affection comprise most individuals' valentine's day celebrations.
in athens, where the economic crisis has hit hardest, shisha is part of that.” greece’s conservative-dominated coalition government has tried to deal with the problem by driving drug users and other homeless people out of the city centre – a series of controversial police operations has swept central streets, clearing crowded doorways and malls.
lactose intolerance is not the same as milk allergy , which is an immune reaction to some of the proteins in milk .
in 1953 he began working at a brazilian hospital .
the bank guard looked at the man.
the car doors were locked and the alarm was on .
inflationary models and the idea of a theory that unifies quantum mechanics and gravity also are discussed in this chapter .
the testes have two primary functions : to produce hormones and to produce sperm .
burns died on 25 may 2019 after a short illness .
“it’s things like that – the hospital where your first child was born, for example – that are important to people’s sense of identity and all that’s going to disappear.” billed as “the most democratic move in history ”, the project has been allocated the equivalent of £320m by the mining company for building new facilities, including a high school, fire station, community centre, library and swimming hall.
hopes that the economy created jobs last month were boosted by reports on wednesday showing rebounds in private payrolls and services industry employment in january.
he wanted his belly to disappear.
delpire died in paris on 26 september 2017 in paris at the age of 91 .
vegetables, including lettuce, corn, tomatoes, onions, celery, cucumbers, mushrooms, and more are also sold at many grocery stores, and are purchased similarly to the way that fruits are.
over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009 .
let's go to the record store.
jerry has no job any more.
i do n't know who she is .
visitors typically arrive at a tram station in the arrival plaza located between the administrative buildings and the museum entrance .
two people were dead.
that should just about fix the problem!
do you know the names of the people who brought these gifts ?
the south developed an agricultural economy .
if you can't, then go, dear.
the head, or the spherical body part that contains the brain and rests at the top of the human body, has quite a few individual organs and body parts on it.
like most other male mammals , a man 's genome typically inherits an x chromosome from his mother and a y chromosome from his father .
many people with hiv do not know they have it .
as an aerospace professional and former nasa executive, i have encountered over the decades many concepts for private space exploration.
there are some species that need organic compounds as a source of food , but are able to use light as a source of energy .
a collision happens when two stations attempt to transmit at the same time .
actually, no, he's not.
their feathers are mainly light brown with black spots on the top and buff with narrow blackish streaks on the underside .
you are going to love it, son.
the speech lasted approximately 40 minutes and consisted of 4,955 words .
emecheta died in her sleep at her home in london on 25 january 2017 from complications of a stroke , aged 72 .
jeff sat down.
labor is one of the main areas for this self-formative activity.
polonium has 33 isotopes , and all of them are radioactive .
county roads 7 and 11 are also in the immediate area .
under current rules and regulations , every movie made primarily in any dialect of chinese language is eligible for competition .
in the baroque period , music in c minor was usually written with a two -flat key signature , and some modern editions of that repertoire retain that convention .
you caught a fish.
he was sitting on a bench.
she borrowed money to pay her bills .
on friday, libyans rallied in tripoli, benghazi and other libyan cities in support of the campaign led by haftar.
if you control that city, it will be known.
the winners receive a championship belt instead of a trophy .
it was that time when you got sick .
chefs/cooks prepare meals in professional settings, including restaurants, cafeterias, and other venues wherein food and drink are sold, for customers.
the can is empty, mom.
as well as overseeing what he hopes will be continued economic recovery, he hopes to address issues ranging from immigration reform to investment in education and climate change, and, in foreign policy, from iran to israel-palestine.
we asked our parents where to meet them after the concert .
“figures show smoking levels in england are at their lowest since records began – 19.5 per cent – but we are determined to further reduce rates of smoking and believe this important step will help.” the uk e-cigarette industry, which broadly welcomed the parliament’s vote, said it was already in talks with the advertising standards authority, but added that it would not be “sensible, proportionate, reasonable or useful” to ban all advertising.
after our chores are done.
how may i help you?
the following table is a list of mps elected on 5 may 2005 , ordered by constituency .
there, mahadev satyanarayanan takes digital snapshots of computer hard drives while they run different software programs.
critics found battle too easy and cut-scenes dialog too long .
s of 2018 , there is no vaccine effective for prevention .
to pursue a cause of action , a plaintiff pleads or alleges facts in a complaint , the pleading that starts a lawsuit .
“my opinion and that of catering workers is that we agree with the complex as long as it creates jobs in the town, which is what is needed, but we are against it being for the benefit of a few,” said cristóbal lobato, who has worked at the same beachside bar in tarifa for 30 years.
hyperbolas can be found in many places in nature .
“on the reputation side, early feedback on our campaign has been positive.
the primary application of cheminformatics is in the storage of information relating to compounds .
in march 1944 a military training camp was set up at the lake .
four years ago, a strategy document set out ideas for attacking targets such as cruise ships, dams and bridges as well as aircraft.
the chapel offers regular services , as well as music of pipe organ .
his house was too big for one man.
but don't worry, i can fix it," he told her.
as the first responders, states are in the best position to aid affected individuals and communities, and to direct resources and assistance to where they are needed most.
the next day, the same mice were placed in a second chamber and given a small electric shock, to encode a fear response.
a battle between the wilds and pets ensues , with the pet paradiso security focused on tranquilizing the wilds .
since it became widespread in the 19th century , cholera has killed tens of millions of people .
without actually telling us why , we were all asked to leave the party .
patty got a doll for christmas.
the energy efficiency will continue to increase .
there was no room for his bicycle.
laura looked out the window.
they 've just asked her to stay another year .
he is highly critical of internet users who think it is ok to download music or books without paying for them.
she wanted to find another boyfriend.
his parents wanted him to go.
why one week?
she is on the swim team at school.
many bird songs are so specific that they can be used for species identification .
i wish my boyfriend would stop looking at other girls .
however, independently of context one can distinguish between a descriptive (or classificatory) use of these terms and a polemical one, although sometimes these different uses occur together.
every good cook knows how to combine flavors to create delicious meals .
in october they distributed a new vaccine.
while obama easily beat off the challenge from his republican opponent mitt romney, holding swing state after swing state, the election provided yet another reminder of just how divided america remains.
did you brush your teeth ?
the chief executive of a central bank is usually known as the governor , president or chair .
“the great thing about the original films was that they created a huge universe of characters and possibility that sparked the imagination of viewers,” he said.
david hume (hume 1748/2000; cf.
hedgehogs are nocturnal , but gymnures are less so .
the idea for base jumping came from skydiving .
the province is a popular tourist destination with its beaches and resorts .
asked by moderator john king of cnn if disaster relief efforts should be turned over to states, romney said that every time you have an occasion to take something from the federal government and send it back to the states, that's the right direction.
it is obtained by the combustion of phosphorus in a limited supply of air at low temperature .
particularly, the agricultural sector which is a source of 45% of the country‟s gdp and 85% of employment is highly vulnerable to the problem of land degradation (gebrelibanos and abdi, 2012; mofed, 2013).
the guardian has verified the authenticity of the document, a 41-slide powerpoint presentation – classified as top secret with no distribution to foreign allies – which was apparently used to train intelligence operatives on the capabilities of the program.
reason, they answer, has become irrational.
at the top of the emblem is the national crest that has two horns with corn in the ear and filled with sand .
indeed, drugs, whether marijuana or synthetic marijuana, should not be legally regulated because they are safe -- they should be legally regulated precisely because they can be harmful.
sexual reproduction is a process that can only be found in eukaryotes .
the city has a lot of plant life , but has an arid climate .
the oldest is about to graduate from high school.
you'll be coming in for a haircut, yes?
carla suddenly dropped her bags and ran out of the lecture room .
he returned in 2011 to participate in the revolution that overthrew gadhafi.
they are usually light in color and have specific gravities less than 3 .
was first shown in 2001 .
over the weekend, men could be seen puffing on water pipes in a palm-shaded park, children playing between the flowerbeds and couples chatting on benches as the unmistakable thunderclap of high explosive could be heard a few miles away – smoke rising between the minarets of a nearby ottoman-era mosque.
in mathematics , the number four is an even number and the smallest composite number .
by conveniently setting high threshold for reporting requirements, the disclose act forces some entities to inform the public about the origins of their financial support, while allowing others -- most notably those affiliated with organized labor -- to fly beneath the federal election commission's regulatory radar, mccain said.
she stopped managing the agency in the mid-1990s because of health problems from diabetes .
sign me up.
she reads a book .
reviewers criticized the film 's advertisement campaign .
in general, philosophers in the nyāya tradition argue that since the universe has parts that come into existence at one occasion and not another, it must have a cause.
dodder can be identified by its thin stems appearing leafless , with the leaves reduced to minute scales .
let 's go to hawaii in january .
a fishing port is a port or harbor for landing and distributing fish .
the orange free state is mostly flat , because it lies in the center of the high plateau .
it will be april soon , so i will finally get to see beautiful cherry blossom trees .
i have an extra bed.
prominent jihadi preachers like abu muhammad al maqdisi and abu qatada have blasted isis for deviancy.
it's time to get up.
mctaggart constructed metaphysical arguments for idealism, while josiah royce and brand blanshard offered epistemological arguments.
this notation is known as lagrange's notation.
african wildcats are generally crepuscular , hunting at dawn and dusk .
a bald eagle , the national bird of the united states , symbolizes protection in peace and war .
we heard the downpour thundering on the roof .
the policeman gave me a speeding ticket .
if his mother says, "go to bed," billy goes to bed.
the cause of type 1 diabetes is unknown .
most old world warblers are of generally unseparate appearances .
you need to learn to work with william even though you dislike him .
the train stopped before i arrived at my station .
the physics engine is responsible for emulating the laws of physics realistically within the application .
the other giant panda has dark brown and light brown fur .
he found what he believed was gold but was only pyrite .
by this time , she functioned as a doctor in natural medicine , and made a living visiting and nursing people .
in the 1950s and 60s, when buber first traveled and lectured in the usa, the essay became popular in the english-speaking world as well.
the supergalactic coordinate system is a fundamental plane with a higher than average number of local galaxies in the sky as seen from earth .
the old cemetery caved into the river around 1937 .
this in turn will enable a robust new business enterprise and allow nasa to focus on mars -- the ultimate target for exploration.
many newts produce toxins in their skin secretions as a defence mechanism against predators .
he had to get up early the next day.
the confusion (and/or con-fusion) between philosophy and religion is especially marked in i and thou.
he scooped out a bit of polish with his finger.
others argue that outright victory by either side is unlikely and hope for a political solution imposed from abroad.
the only economic activity of importance is agriculture .
coussmaker sat for reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between february 9 and april 16 .
webb and the colombian former executive committee member luis bedoya were among those whose guilty pleas were entered in the us.
“by the summer, the vaccine should be widely provided and just in time for summer travel and i think things are going to go gangbusters,” said david d. tawil, co-founder at new york-based event-driven hedge fund, maglan capital, and interim ceo of centaurus energy.
the fact that living things inherit traits from their parents has been known since prehistoric times , and used to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding .
they told her what they were expecting from her .
the “invention” of civic humanism is primarily associated with hans baron (1900–1988), the famed german-american historian (fubini 1992).
apart from successful soundtracks , he has also received notability for his background music and is considered one of the finest background music composers in india .
i prefer tea although i do drink coffee sometimes .
meads is widely considered one of the greatest players in history .
in trolley, by contrast, we are not violating negative rights to meet positive rights; the situation pits the negative rights of the five against the negative rights of one, and both choices involve violating someone’s negative rights.
peret died in barcelona , spain from lung cancer , aged 79 .
the songs tell personal stories of life in the wide open country of australia .
dan 's birthday is in february .
there are many police officers around the embassy .
all children need to mature is motivation!
she dismisses james rachels’ claim that if we permit passive euthanasia then the only consistent position is to permit active euthanasia in similar circumstances because it is ‘more humane’ than passive euthanasia (rachels 1975).
black tea is the national beverage , and is drunk after food is eaten .
social workers do n't make much money .
the airport has one main passenger terminal , serving scheduled and charter holiday flights .
the advance variation is 3 . e
the frog spends most of the year underground .
the four seasons are spring, summer, fall, and winter, and although various areas of the united states experience drastically different weather during these times, all portions of the country recognize the seasons; winter in california may bring heat, and winter in new york may bring blizzards, but both periods are nevertheless winter.
buchi emecheta suffered a stroke in 2010 , and she died in london on 25 january 2017 , aged 72 .
but they both said, "it's not the money.
this year's theme of power, has enormous breadth, embracing contradiction and paradox in equal measure that has uncovered images and issues that are both awe-inspiring and disturbing, organizers say.
disclosure of the prism program follows a leak to the guardian on wednesday of a top-secret court order compelling telecoms provider verizon to turn over the telephone records of millions of us customers.
before i go to class, i drink four cups of coffee and take a cold shower.
"what is the tracking number?"
in the end the use of neusis was deemed acceptable only when the two other , higher categories of constructions did not offer a solution .
a traditional design , the grapnel is merely a shank with four or more tines .
the confusion about the meaning of the term imperialism reflects the way that the concept has changed over time.
often , different people want different trophic states .
skinks have been around a long time : their jawbones appear in the fossil record about 140 million years ago , during the early cretaceous .
do you have cards with any other libraries?
the dough is an ordinary bread dough , usually with yeast as a leavening agent but baking powder may also be used .
sock puppets are often used for entertaining people , especially children .
water play areas are similar to water parks and include urban beaches , splash pads , and smaller collections of water slides in many hotels and public swimming pools .
her dress was emerald green .
initiatives might be low-tech in innovation but high-impact when it comes to creating sustainable change for entire communities.
in that landscape of neglect, it was the mismanagement of the crowd by the police, commanded by an inexperienced chief superintendent david duckenfield, that was “the prime cause” of the disaster.
“you have to know what size and shape the mixing pit needs to be, how to create the optimum temperature for digestion and where to situate the biogas plant,” says baburam paudel, chief technical ofﬁcer in nepal for the charity renewable world.
he loved the fit.
aquifers can occur at various depths .
do you worry about what you eat ?
in africa, the crop is used for food and income though its marketing is limited by its short shelf life (rees et al., 2001; oladoye et al., 2016; flores, 2018).
one way to succeed is to follow your instincts .
my name is john smith.
organometallic complexes are commonly used in catalysis .
a flounder 's diet consists mainly of fish spawn , crustaceans , polychaetes and small fish .
i wish i had a cat .
we talked all night to try to figure out the one thing that would change his mind .
he was testing the driver's door.
the french press goes by various names around the world .
in terms of school casualties , thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction .
these observances are regulated by the government , but are not observed as holidays .
everyone all over the world talks about the news every day.
like many eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a folk medicine .
cities designated by government ordinance recognized starting in 1956 .
there were two tigers at the zoo .
jack said, "that's great.
it fell on the floor.
in hermeneutics, interpretive experience is typically clarified in reference to understanding.
postal regions do not necessarily follow state boundaries , so sorting by state is not practical .
president abraham lincoln initiated the contemporary practice of thanksgiving by calling for a "day of thanksgiving" during one of his civil war addresses.
the papyrus is divided into eleven columns .
but unlike platonism it is not an ontological view.
but he is dying.
water is a significant, but not dominant, coolant of warm gas in the earliest protostellar stages.
when the british were alerted to the presence of the new position the next day , they mounted an attack against them .
elemental symbols were widely used by the early church .
there were 26 reigns and 1 vacancy .
the restaurant was full.
no room is left for more chairs in the kitchen .
by the end of 2008 , there were a total of 14 schools with about 9268 students .
in the final test, the scientists connected rats on different continents and beamed their brain activity back and forth over the internet.
her gray coat was on the chair.
the report comes as countries such as mexico suffer from widespread drug-related violence.
zinc sulfate can be used to add zinc to the soil .
but members of his own party, including house minority leader nancy pelosi and senate majority leader harry reid, have voiced firm opposition to such authority.
the mountain was first surveyed by a european survey team in 1856 .
no other government minister is protected in this way, so there are legal and political reasons why netanyahu wants to stay at the top.
he played a brief part in the revolutionary events of 1848 .
they wanted another worm.