however, low interest rates and a slowdown in global trade pressured revenue at deutsche’s other divisions, such as those for corporate and retail clients.
there was some controversy about an immunity challenge in the last episode .
while the peace deal drew criticism for the pakistani government, some analysts and political observers say the government had little choice but to capitulate, as militants have terrorized the region with beheadings, kidnappings and the destruction of schools.
how are you?
it was barking very loud.
molly is wearing red shoes.
and more states are joining a nationwide movement for tougher laws against distracted driving.
it is good to be friends with andrea again .
for example, a graph convolution can be generalized from a 2d convolution.
memories of experiences we have had are made from several elements, including records of objects, space and time.
most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
i know this one will be bad .
fresh fruit in the diet may protect against cancer .
“when you think about the quantity of documentation from our daily lives that is captured in digital form, like our interactions by email, people’s tweets and all of the world wide web, it’s clear that we stand to lose an awful lot of our history,” he said.
is this the spot where the restaurant is ?
it was released on 19 march 2004 in spain and on 10 september 2004 in mexico .
fifth is the on- board fire extinguishing system that are required .
young adults aged 16 to 24 are voracious consumers of almost all media.
this became the first japanese - authored historical account of its sort to be published and circulated for scholarly study in the west .
in the philosophy of religion, creation is the action by which god brings an object into existence, while conservation is the action by which god maintains the existence of an object over time.
he didn’t go on to claim (although some later philosophers did) that the logical truths themselves were true by virtue of meaning alone.
then she would send him a letter.
levels of interest in the rumour that rogue one will also feature the reappearance of darth vader, the black-clad villain of the original series, only confirmed the power of star wars nostalgia.
the food is usually good there .
biophysical chemists employ various techniques used in physical chemistry to probe the structure of biological systems .
modern instruments classified as bugles are often valved .
the presence of a carefully selected handful of women in tech, regardless of how determined, able and prominently visible they are, has for decades done little to alter the makeup of management and ownership.
a bus does not go 500 miles per hour.
you 've made a promise .
william liked rice.
inside the shell were two little red peanuts.
you can borrow the book with pictures for your own pleasure.
modern cladistic work has not been conclusive .
money can bring people together.
crabs are prepared and eaten as a dish in many different ways all over the world .
“we’re just going to keep fighting this battle.
what should i do?
constable painted many full-scale preliminary sketches of his landscapes to test the composition in advance of finished pictures .
[ ✔ ] a passport photo [ ✔ ] a copy of your passport or other photo id [ ✔ ] proof of student status e.g.
on august 10 , a day of memorials began peacefully .
he never greets people he dislikes .
we learned about clouds today .
he wanted to do something fun with his friend.
in zoos , lions have been known to breed with tigers .
but that was not all.
in reality, both processes occur and climate models encompassing this complexity predicted signiﬁcantly higher future temperatures than those only including the nine-mile-high clouds.
my aunt and my mother are good friends .
the terminology used to refer to this delicacy differs greatly in various areas of germany .
there was just two entries in the quad doubles , and they played a straight final to decided the championship .
no one was able to eat their dinners knowing the girls were lost outside in the cold .
he felt his chest tighten .
one of the research team, ross anderson, professor of security engineering at cambridge university, said: “decades of deception research show that the interviewer will tell truth from lies only slightly better than random, about 55 out of 100.
unidentified teachers protested the policy .
consider a pair of scenarios called rescue i and rescue ii (md 80).
the flier was from a trade school.
the cybermen have had a number of weaknesses since their introduction .
this weather is pretty sweet.
mr. and mrs. smith have one son and one daughter.
it was flu season.
the party favors the civil right to information privacy and reforms of copyright , education , computer science and genetic patents .
in cricket , a player 's batting average is the total number of runs they have scored divided by the number of times they have been out .
this movie was released on may 15 , 1992 .
"our police are doing a good job.
the case against reading humean beauty on the model of ideas of secondary qualities is provided by shiner (1996) and taylor (2011).
the w bosons are named after the weak force .
giant stones crashed down from the mountain .
it may be possible to terraform mars to allow a wide variety of living things .
it will follow the release in december 2015 of episode vii, directed by jj abrams and titled star wars: the force awakens, the unnamed episode viii due out in 2017 and the already announced spin-off, rogue one, which will arrive in cinemas in 2016.
one is ansar dine, a salafist islamist group that seeks to impose sharia law.
the two brothers were angry about $100.
rounders is a bat and ball game which is played in ireland ; a similar version is played in england .
it was under the toaster.
the son's name is john.
it was black.
the teacher asked him to close the windows .
we ca n't.
the permanent collection consists of more than 35,000 works of art .
from time to time, people allege that we have created a government 'back door' into our systems, but google does not have a back door for the government to access private user data.” several senior tech executives insisted that they had no knowledge of prism or of any similar scheme.
sucks that you aren't feeling well, it's a nice day.
kimberlite has attracted attention because it serves as a carrier of diamonds and garnet peridotite mantle xenoliths to the earth 's surface .
xcelerator will not operate in the rain so that a shortshot does not happen when the launch track is wet .
meanwhile, both the deferred action program and president obama's executive action on immigration are overwhelmingly favored by hispanics.
when adam's father came home from work, adam's mom said, "guess what?
democrats say the requirement is a much-needed response to the u.s. supreme court's citizen united decision, which opened the doors to large amounts of campaign spending by corporations, labor unions and other groups.
world history is full of examples of one society gradually expanding by incorporating adjacent territory and settling its people on newly conquered territory.
the major advantage of conventional hydroelectric dams with reservoirs is their ability to store water at low cost for dispatch later as high value clean electricity .
walzer may hold that everyone at all times and places has an equal moral entitlement to be treated according to the shared norms and cultural understandings of one's people or group.
with large screens and simple, touch-based interfaces, tablets are being credited with a jump in internet access among the over-65s.
the dying woman was surrounded by her children .
planned parenthood said that it supports the initiatives and recognizes the importance of awareness and education, but added that the rate of teen pregnancies is affected by economic and societal factors such as poverty, violence, limited access to health care, as well as gender, racial and ethnic inequalities.
the seeds are generally almost microscopic and very numerous , in some species over a million per capsule .
the frog has a few native predators , among them snakes and birds .
the club 's traditional home colors are all white .
and so on.
he was talking to his friend.
the dermatologist diagnosed skin cancer .
failure rate is usually time dependent , and an intuitive corollary is that the rate changes over time versus the expected life cycle of a system .
though relatively rare , songs can fade out , then fade back in .
(for frege and those who follow him, a claim like “god exists/does not exist” is to be understood as a claim about the concept god, or about the property of being god.
we get one break per hour.
in mathematics all function applications are referentially transparent , by the definition of what constitutes a mathematical function .
there are different views about his early life .
the clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize digital circuits .
he used it to write a note to his teacher.
you need to wear a blazer to dinner .
i love the merry-go-round.
he died on 3 may 2015 , aged 84 , after a long illness .
the manager lived in a corner apartment.
the history of traditional sports is ancient .
but, under the terms of the agreement, bolivia was given 25 years to implement the ban.
he never got better.
the investigation considered farmers’ readiness to take part in crop insurance in the dormaa municipality of the bono region, ghana.
it is a rag doll.
up to five players can play simultaneously .
she did not have a son.
i wish i had done it differently .
this move sees the wrestler delivering an open-handed strike with arm movement akin to a cross , usually to the opponent 's chin , face or chest .
"i only met him last month.
there are further distinctions in the general vicinity.
on - shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land .
i wish i could tell them good-bye .
it 's time to write to your parents to see how they 're doing .
i 'll be there in about twenty minutes .
i love going to the movies.
according to the us arrest requests, they are suspected of accepting bribes of millions of dollars”.
reserved code elements are codes which , while not iso 3166 - 1 codes , are in use for some applications in conjunction with the iso 3166 codes .
children between the ages of 6 and 16 are required by law to have full-time education .
novelist ajaz ashraf wrote on india’s scroll website: “underlying it is the hope of bringing into the bjp tent the modern-day gurus and their teeming followers, who largely constitute the urban middle classes.” others, however, point to a recent us court ruling that said yoga was not inevitably linked to faith.
production on the show ended in february 2001 .
cattle are large grazing animals with two -toed or cloven hooves and a four-chambered stomach .
not all musical instruments make notes with a clear pitch .
maybe, if we finish our lesson early.
bachelors in theology were required by oath not to maintain anything “in favor of articles that have been condemned at the roman curia or in paris.” moreover, many medieval philosophical and theological texts contain references to and quotations from the “parisian articles,” which by no means should always be identified with tempier’s list of condemned articles.
she got elected by a majority vote .
do you know the alphabet song?
this plant is adaptable and easy to grow .
once boot options have been selected , grub loads the selected kernel into memory and passes control to the kernel .
laplace also came close to propounding the concept of the black hole .
the ghettoized status of women and minorities in media and technology, coupled with the lack of venture capital investments, means that our attempts to express ourselves are limited, misrepresented and regularly repackaged to make what we say palatable to a sexist status quo.
textiles have been a fundamental part of human life since the beginning of civilization .
eros was one of the first asteroids to be visited by a spacecraft , and the first to be orbited and soft-landed on .
i'm researching for my project.
six field guides have also been published .
a touchless smart card system is used for single journey tickets .
today we are going to the library.
modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century , out of a debate over the use of sodium benzoate as a preservative in condiments .
only the best sculptures use marble .
the first incident went almost unnoticed.
demi-pointe shoes are often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique .
one commentator called the event on 21 june “a mix of cultural nationalism, commercialization and subtle coercion”.
the report, however, argues that “more of the same” will not get to zero.
quite naturally, no physicist wanted this to be true more than did erwin schrödinger, the father of the wave function.
my mom always brings me sweets and candy when they come.
during the late twentieth century , more and more mosques have been used for political purposes .
the film was not a box office success .
the report, published friday, warns that the u.s. lead in the war could undermine any future willingness to fight together if needed.
as indicated by aidoo et al.
11, and cory 2014: ch.
in most cases , contribution claims are made like the original claim itself .
some of topics in the novel include selective mutism , death and grief .
while some libyans do n't back the ex-general and do n't want want military rule, they support what he is doing.
then she came back up.
i read time and national geographic.
google has flown a small team to iqaluit, the largest town in the canadian territory of nunavut, armed with their warmest winter gear, a stack of laptop computers and an 18kg backpack- mounted telescopic camera.
if the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy , it will be transferred to an excited state .
"you should be happy with this news.
he did ten pushups every day.
cadmium telluride is used to make electricity in solar cells .
it's ok, don't worry.
the latest critic, iron maiden’s bruce dickinson, has vowed never to bring his band to glastonbury festival after dismissing it as “the most bourgeois thing on the planet”.
teams begin training camps in september .
i'll call the school.
the number of stillbirths in the united states is about 1 in 115 births , which is about 26,000 a year , or one every 20 minutes .
5), quentin smith (craig and smith 1993), bede rundle (2004), wes morriston (2000, 2002a, 2003, 2010), and graham oppy (2006: chap.
violent pictures turn my stomach .
if i found myself in a new city , i 'd take a tour .
we 're in hock to the chinese up to our eyeballs because of the war in iraq, for one thing.
2001 heisei ultraman side stories
he is widely regarded as one of the most important architectural thinkers and urbanists of his generation .
visitors said teri's paintings were very nice.
the right to die is very controversial .
females reach sexual maturity at 4 years .
he ran into a tree.
some kids looked at the books.
he worked with major scientific figures and travelers on projects involving their studies .
he added that the new method was particularly helpful in re-examining cases where the cause of death was unclear.
with such a large impact , debris was most likely scattered globally , but has since been worn away .
the patisserie baked 20 cakes a day .
it is as hot as the desert .
chinese rock and roll 's peak popularity was between 1990 and 1993 .
if the air is too hot, the clothes will shrink.
two decades ago, teenagers devoted their evenings to monopolizing the home telephone line, dissecting love affairs and friendships in conversations that lasted for hours.
to cap his presentation, he showed a video, created by his students in three days, of nine flying robots playing the james bond theme on musical instruments.
the most common criticisms were about the two -player mode , a first for the series .
before the age of man or beast , the immortals wage war on each other in the heavens .
also, learn some italian while you're there.
alright then, let's get going.
the poem is divided into five parts .
some performers or groups put on very elaborate and expensive affairs , with parts of the show being similar to a theater performance .
since toner is a fine dust , it can remain in the air for a long time , and is considered to have health effects similar to inert dust .
so, pam pushed sharon again.
how about playing tag?
2008; hayashi et al.
many objects cannot achieve negative temperatures , because adding energy to them will increase their entropy .
civic humanism, at least as understood by baron and scholars working in a similar vein, is perfectly captured in the accounts of florence in the panegyric and laudatio.
moral sense theory is the view that humans possess a special sensory ability that can determine, pre-rationally, what is good or evil (this view was made most famous by shaftesbury and hutcheson).
what we know about the causes of the accident has not been confirmed .
the song received mixed reviews from music critics .
“fifa is not corrupt.
in the coming discussion, it will be supposed that the targets are atheists and agnostics, and that the goal is to turn them into theists.
the most common transmitter is glutamate , which is excitatory at well over 90 % of the synapses in the human brain .
the book was about animals.
unfortunately, the conservative movement's victory in defeating the disability rights treaty is just the latest example of our political leadersfailure to convert high-sounding rhetoric into meaningful action when it comes to human rights.
it is made by heating barium oxide .
always pay attention to other drivers."
was camus actually a philosopher?
the disease was first reported in january 2007 in new york caves , although it was retrospectively detected in a photograph taken in early 2006 .
he asked the motel clerk, "do you have a vacant room?"
mab is heavily perturbed .
spanish foreign ministry trinidad jimenez on june 8 visited the libyan rebel stronghold of benghazi, where she declared that libya's rebel national transitional council was a valid interlocutor and a legitimate representative of the aspirations of the libyan people, the spokeswoman said.
good morning, mom.
the ruler who lives by his rights alone will surely wither and die by those same rights, because in the rough-and-tumble of political conflict those who prefer power to authority are more likely to succeed.
mrs. jones said she moved because she wanted to live in the city .
this humidity has sapped my energy .
strategies for wildfire prevention , detection , control and suppression have varied over the years .
it's unlikely that clinton intended to gain politically from these remarks -- and they were carefully qualified.
first, you have to get a piece of paper.
i asked him to rent the new tom cruise dvd but he said it was n't available .
in contrast to the natural environment is the built environment .
spanish athletes have won a total of 132 medals .
it started raining during our picnic .
fourteen men had been charged in may 2015, when four additional guilty pleas were entered.
it added that vipshop used its system to influence user choices, transaction opportunities and to block sales of particular brands.
she is jealous of your dog .
independence is another good thing about owning a small business .
corals can be found all over the island .
the fact this part of the country has been taken by the tuareg rebellion and islamist groups does not allow any more tourists to visit, and the communities depend a lot on the tourism revenue, he said.
another technique that has become more popular recently is multithreading .
the cdc now recommends that all primary care for all women who may eventually become pregnant (including prepubescent girls) be treated as ‘preconception care’ (kuehn 2006).
the first axiomatization was due to zermelo (1908) and it came as a result of the need to spell out the basic set-theoretic principles underlying his proof of cantor’s well-ordering principle.
i'll be back in class.
cnn's junko ogura contributed to this report from tokyo.
it may also speed up planning decisions that will affect iqaluit’s growth.
its relative major is e major , and its parallel major is c-sharp major .
pest control is as old as agriculture , as there has always been a need to keep crops free from pests .
i'll be glad to help you with that.
these camps were closed by october 1942 .
i'm getting a librarian.
fat feminism and the related fat acceptance movement originated in the late 1960s alongside second -wave feminism .
i do, too.
j. l. mackie sums up this perspective neatly: the laws of nature … describe the ways in which the world—including, of course, human beings—works when left to itself, when not interfered with.
it is the flag of her country.
each episode of the season attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing .
if we were all the same , would life be safer ?
democrats unanimously supported the bill, while republicans voted unanimously against it.
she looked at his house.
a headline friday on the english web site of china's official xinhua news agency read anti-cnnweb site reflects chinese people's condemnation.
the insect produces carminic acid , which deters predation by other insects .
shortly beforehand, romney had phoned the president to concede.
the introduction of indoor flush toilets started to displace chamber pots , in the 19th century but they remained common until the mid-20th century .
this is one of the issues on which hartmann firmly departs from the kantian—to be precise, the neo-kantian—legacy.
she had health problems.
i swear, i will bang on her door and scream.
lucy cleaned up the chemistry equipment .
the presidential election was held on 28 october 2007 .
the closet door wouldn't open.
carley went shopping for a dress today .
i eat a sandwich and an apple.
there are hundreds of different types and variations of fibulae .
the proliferation of this weapon is reflected by more than just numbers .
worldwide production of apples in 2013 was 90.8 million tonnes .
she turned off the hot water.
teff’s tiny seeds – the size of poppy seeds – are high in calcium, iron and protein, and boast an impressive set of amino acids.
the type consumed differs, too: the wealthy almost exclusively eat the more expensive magna and white teff varieties; less well-off consumers tend to eat less-valuable red and mixed teff, and more than half combine it with cheaper cereals such as sorghum and maize.
the stoxx 600 index rose 0.6%, while london’s ftse 100 ended flat, underperforming regional peers for a second straight day, as consumer giant unilever slumped 6.2% after its sales growth target underwhelmed investors.
i can try to explain the basics.
ios 6.1 was released on january 28 , 2013 .
it would be better if i went .
brian walked into the new pet store.
she couldn't see any gray hair.
“we are going to feel the impact of those losses.
they should have gotten up earlier.
in the us , the game is primarily staged by churches or charity organizations .
b: sure, dad.
the classic varve archetype is a light / dark- colored couplet deposited in a glacial lake .
one of the first , and most powerful , techniques to improve performance is the use of instruction pipelining .
philosophy , epictetus taught , is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline .
the landscape is mostly made of meadows .
louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture , but rather simply a technical device .
monkeys are too dangerous to have as pets .
ukraine's new deputy secretary of national security is dmytro yarosh, leader of the right sector group, which regards tyahnybok as a soft liberal and which flies the old flag of the ukrainian nazi collaborators at its rallies.
the machinery that repressed ethnic minorities and pious muslims in the past is now alienating non-practicing muslims, alevis, lgbti members and other social and political minority groups who do not fit in with erdogan's vision of an overtly religious neo-liberal turkey.
although subject to legal disputes over several decades, eon now has full control of both books.
we are, and forever will be, the united states of america.” obama made clear he had an agenda in mind for his second term, citing changes in the tax code, immigration reform and, as he put it, an america “that isn’t threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet”.
the united states removed krumpf because of his participation in that and other nazi-sponsored acts of persecution during the war, glavin said.
interbrand competition was kept at a minimum , with superstars from all brands competing together only at pay-per-view events .
on may 22 , 1933 , chinese and japanese representatives met to negotiate the end of the conflict .
tamika rivera, a 35-year old insurance agent from springfield, massachusetts, uses multiple buy now, pay later services, and has missed payments.
take my advice.
there's a big difference between one minute and one month.
according to kwadwo et al.
amateur radio operators talk to each other in many ways .
sounds good, mom.
the procedure for caring for a beating heart cadaver is the same as caring for a normal patient .
she put jam on her toast .
it must say, "i'm so happy that you are my mom."
the panel found that 116 of 164 statements were amended “to remove or alter comments unfavourable to south yorkshire police ”.
mitchell, a drifter and self-described prophet who called himself emmanuel, had done some handyman work at the smartshome.
under some conditions , such as extremely low temperature , some ceramics show superconductivity .
the elephant birds , which were giant ratites , have been extinct since at least the 17th century .
the value of the data, which is not subject to the same legal protections as the content of people’s communications, has long been recognized by the security services.
my mom is baking a cake.
make sure you do n't arrive late to any more of your classes , or your final grade will drop .
although ian is only 10 years old , his artwork is so refined and unique that it is almost better than that of professional artists .
embedded systems often reside in machines that are expected to run continuously for years without errors , and in some cases recover by themselves if an error occurs .
are you there?
cooking oil can burn well and may catch fire if it is used at too high a temperature .
it is the smallest of the true hyenas and retains many primitive viverrid characteristics lost in larger species , having a smaller and less specialised skull .
i will teach you how to be even better.
she showed the pictures to her mom.
it's really popular, because the movie just came out.
i don't make the rules.
almost no one would touch this synthetic stuff -- actually, it would n't even exist -- if it were n't for the criminalization of the marijuana plant itself.
swans are the largest extant members of the waterfowl family anatidae , and are among the largest flying birds .
you need a fishing license to fish here .
testing was slow as they were still getting the saturn v ready for apollo 4 .
i borrowed $100 from you.
some of these performances were omitted from dvd release for copyright reasons .
baber first worked as a teacher of geography and as a principal in a private school .
during an autopsy , bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the person was alive , as opposed to damage that occurred after death
discord allows users to connect to their account to their twitch . tv .
plotting the po box addresses would result in a map with firms, banks and schools clustered around the canada post building in the centre of town.
the constituency was made at the 1998 legislative election .
as people from europe began exploring africa in the early 1800s , guns were made to handle the very large animals that people saw .
they had been married for 41 years.
his teacher told him the name of each bug.
a recording medium is a physical material that holds information .
“my generation has never experienced this,” said thiago firbida, a student.
sony has given me an interview next week .
but his father was not there.
the report revealed that sheffield wednesday’s football ground was unsafe in crucial respects, that the football association had selected it as the venue for the match without even checking if hillsborough had a valid safety certificate, which it did not.
the rugged coastline has been the scene of a number of shipwrecks .
jack paid $100,000 for his house.
life in a workhouse was intended to be harsh , to deter the able-bodied poor and to ensure that only the truly destitute would apply .
in other words, there are only two possible sizes of infinite sets of real numbers.
yet she also argues that merely being alive without suffering is not a good (vv 42).
this mixing of philosophy with concepts and methods from other disciplines is characteristic of postmodernism in its broadest sense.
this is the area where she heard it .
going to the dentist hurts, mom.
this to me is not a gender issue, it's an innovation issue, twitter ceo dick costolo has explained.
a number of cities will host walk - in voting centers , and an official list of locations and open hours are available as of february 6 .
both high temperature chemistry and ice sputtering contribute to the gaseous water abundance at low velocities, with only gas-phase (re- )formation producing water at high velocities.
he told her the tracking number.
at the highest level , all of england is divided into nine regions that are each made up of a number of counties and districts .
it is a world where days never end .
in addition to industrial uses , maritime pine is also a popular ornamental tree , often planted in parks and gardens in areas with warm temperate climates .
milch has bipolar disorder .
i'd rather you wore a clean shirt to school tomorrow.
to tell the truth is a principle.
praxidike belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured asteroid .
before amanda leaves , give her an apple .
their lawyers had not asked for copies of closer magazine to be removed from shelves.
what would you do if she knew you were her real father ?
barbara likes funny stories.
the clock signal is a special digital signal that is used to synchronize many digital circuits .
jenny could not walk very far.
on firearms , bipods are commonly used on rifles and machine guns to provide a forward rest and reduce motion .
in belo horizonte, police clashed with protesters who tried to break through a cordon around a football stadium hosting a confederations cup match between nigeria and tahiti.
but it was much brighter than the stars.
jutbring has been an active proponent of feminism and equal opportunities for women .
i have tuna.
the film was released on september 20 , 2002 .
kathy said no.
if an algebraic equation is over the rationals , it can always be converted to an equivalent one , where all the coefficients are integers .
the mountain was first surveyed by a european team in 1856 .
in short, in contrast to the first half of the last century, contemporary philosophers contribute increasingly detailed, complex, and sophisticated arguments on both sides of the debate.
pomeroy was hit by a tornado on july 6 , 1893 , that was estimated to be f5 on the fujita scale .
bolivia has obtained a special exemption from the 1961 single convention on narcotic drugs, the framework that governs international drugs policy, allowing its indigenous people to chew the leaves.
she 's just sent me a letter .
peat forms when plant material , usually in marshy areas , is inhibited from decaying fully by acidic and anaerobic conditions .
convenience stores usually charge higher prices than conventional grocery stores or supermarkets .
she used to have a lot of energy.
the world championships of ringuette occur once in three years .
the meaning and intent are sometimes mirrored in different terms .
first , euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass does not matter .
it was a world record.
wrasses can put their jaws forwards , usually with separate jaw teeth that jut outwards .
monsters will talk with players during the battles , and the game will tell the players what the monster 's feelings and actions are .
the elytra act as protective wing -cases for the hind wings underneath , which are used for flying .
with kind regards, david mathews
two investigations were held by the british government .
the doctor is right.
he wanted to stay at home.
she needed to cut her nails.
except for conservatism, for each category there were often feminists working and critiquing alongside it.
many course themes are repeated throughout the series .
dcpip is often used to measure the electron transport chain in plants .
depending on their location , green tree frogs will live in several habitats .
genets are highly agile creatures , with quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills , and are the only viverrids that are able to stand bipedally .
historically there have also been negative consequences , mostly associated with the dams normally required for power production .
though relatively rare , songs can fade out then fade back in .
these crustaceans are from 2 to in length , with an elongated body .
more precisely, for hartmann science is ontological in all its ramifications (g.37a).
sea levels were high worldwide , and much of the land lay under shallow seas , where tropical reef organisms lived .
her brother tommy was in the second grade.
like most mental illnesses , there are ways to treat bipolar disorder .
traditional faroese food is mainly based on meat , seafood and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
days later, blatter won a fifth term as president but later agreed to step down as the crisis grew.
machiavelli thus seeks to learn and teach the rules of political power.
cold seeps change the shape of the ocean floor over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs .
historical attitudes towards oats are very different .
the throne is seen as a symbol of authority .
aqap seized and then lost several towns in southern yemen in early 2012, and resorted to suicide bombings and fighting yemeni government forces from remote hideouts.
and it may be that counting the grains becomes simply irrelevant to the determination of what constitutes a heap.
the cause of the crash was determined to be crew error in attempting a descent below decision height without the runway environment in sight .
that seems like a harsh punishment .
everyone needs healthy food .
the benefits of exercise have been known since antiquity .
sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores .
originally , electricity and magnetism were considered to be two separate forces .
she was looking at a magazine.
in addition to his political career , he was also a noted historian , biographer and writer .
i love watching lightning storms .
a total of 83 of 93 members present voted in favor of mitig's government.
my professors are very friendly and smart.
the repairs were completed on 16 july 2012 .
the basic metabolic rate varies between individuals .
whereas, deep neural networks have demonstrated phenomenal success (often beyond human capabilities) in solving complex problems, recent studies show that they are vulnerable to adversarial attacks in the form of subtle perturbations to inputs that lead a model to predict incorrect outputs.
when players encounter enemies in either scripted events or random encounters , they enter a battle mode .
it is best known for its engineering design work .
the best -known method of prey capture is by means of sticky webs .
sections of the street are often closed for other events , such as an annual street festival .
but a true democratic transformation also requires devolution of political authority.
analysts expect deutsche to deliver another profit in 2021, a consensus forecast of their estimates shows.
how much is a roundtrip ticket ?
eyewitnesses described the scene of the execution by burning on 30 may 1431 .
i can't read educational stuff all the time.
i could feel the heat coming off him .
affects are emotional states that combine a receptive and felt responsiveness to the world with a tendency toward a distinctive pattern of reaction—states like love, hate, anger, fear, joy, etc.
this division is also detectable in the service area of these kinds of products .
the injured people sat covered in blood , waiting for medical aid .
the game supports multiplayer with support for up to four players simultaneously .
a number of tactics are employed to reach the objective of a race .
obokata 's research has been questioned since other researchers were unable to duplicate her method for creating stap cells .
the readout can be analog or digital , and modern instruments have communications with a computer or network .
he called up a real estate agent.
we need to ask what's the best way to solve the problem -- how to reduce drug abuse and addiction -- and use the best evidence to guide us.
so, just like our mouse, it is quite possible we can associate what we happen to have in our mind with bad or good high-variance ongoing events.
strong bad has been one of the series most popular characters , and has been well received .
some fast food outlets previously dispensed ketchup from hand -operated pumps into paper cups .
by the late 1950s , the motion picture business was again changing .
details of the second spin-off have now been made public: an “origins story” about han solo, the intergalactic smuggler played by harrison ford in the first three films, which is scheduled to be released in may 2018.
diabetic retinopathy affects up to 80 percent of those who have had diabetes for 20 years or more .
long died on january 15 , 2017 , at the age of 63 .
it also displays facsimiles of the erfurt hebrew manuscripts , a collection of significant religious texts dating from the 12th - 14th century .
those musicians ' guitars were stolen .
more importantly, this style of politics is inimical to the grassroots, democratic and pluralistic vision that the gezi spirit has aspired to capture.
he bounced it on the street.
many fish change sex over the course of their lifespan , a phenomenon called sequential hermaphroditism .
ireland died on 31 july 2014 from brain cancer , aged 68 .
come and eat your cereal.
fine, i'll take you to our restroom.
margaret aspinall, whose son james, then 18, died at what should have been a joyful day out, an fa cup semi-final between liverpool and nottingham forest, said the families had been forced to fight, for 23 years, for just that: the truth.
she had beautiful , long hair .
some also argue that conservation must be an ongoing act, whereas creation occurs at an instant.
he died of pneumonia and heart failure on 7 january 2018 , aged 61 .
the united nations security council called for the release of suu kyi and other detainees last week and the united states is considering targeted sanctions.
this will help them to improve .
there are three hostels for male students and three for the female students .
if i think that i should not obey a particular law, what eventually leads me to submit to that law will be either a fear of the power of the state or the actual exercise of that power.
bismuth is used in metal alloys with other metals such as iron .
some people who live in busy cities often prefer doing exciting activities during the weekend .
"daddy, we will grow old together, okay?"
please go get your id, and get in line again.
margays are mainly nocturnal , but they do sometimes hunt during the day .
the next attack was launched on 24 january .
he was very sad.
[6] in fact, many nominalists endorse truth-value realism, at least about more basic branches of mathematics, such as arithmetic.
gribbles bore into wood and plant material for food .
the technique allows the detection of injuries such as lesions and blows often undetectable during a traditional autopsy, as well as air pockets, heart attacks and even cancer.
whatever the outcome of the presidential election, those who wish to see this vision transformed into reality would be better served by focusing on the long term process rather than short term gains, and on building organizational capacity at the level of local politics instead of obsessing over the control of state institutions in ankara.
with his youthful energy and hispanic roots, it's tempting to see rubio as the new blood that the gop needs in order to compete against hillary clinton in 2016.
the pigmented chromatophores have a sac of pigment and a large membrane that is folded when retracted .
clark also points out that mullah omar in his eid message last month urged taliban fighters to protect the lives, wealth and honor of ordinary people.
professor steven sherwood, at the university of new south wales in australia, who led the new work, said: “this study breaks new ground twice: ﬁrst, by identifying what is controlling the cloud changes and, second, by strongly discounting the lowest estimates of future global warming in favour of the higher and more damaging estimates.” “4c would likely be catastrophic rather than simply dangerous,” sherwood said.
his passion for science derived from his lifelong love of horses .
egyptian athletes have won a total of 32 medals , with weightlifting as the top medal - producing sport .
even perfect numbers have a very precise form ; odd perfect numbers are rare , if indeed they do exist .
the current constitution dates from 1997 .
he picked up bugs in his yard.
she said she had something to tell you but she did n't say what it was .
on the north side of the gate are two plaques .
steppenwolf is an immortal with vast superhuman strength , endurance and speed , capable of lifting about one hundred tons and jumping huge distances easily .
it is unclear how buy now, pay later fits into u.s. regulations because the companies that offer these services do not have bank charters, some do not charge interest and laws vary by state.
rempe began playing pool at the age of 6 .
“the pessimistic view is that around 40% of people using it are doing so because they couldn’t get access to traditional credit - either because they’ve maxed out their credit limit or because of a poor or non-existent credit history - and some of these loans might not season well.”
could he go to jail?
until the early 20th century , arsenic was often used to embalm bodies .
he asked the teacher, "why are you speaking spanish?
some advance other views.
randers argues the global gross domestic product will fail to increase as it has in the past because of population decline , and general aging and declining productivity growth .
vietnamese schools teach the alphabet with these 29 letters .
write to sam at sam.holden@example.com we can only take a maximum of 20 in the room, so book now!
i have to go to class now.
thanks, but everything should be fine.
a state-run family planning benefit program covers reproductive and sexual health care, including contraceptives, to low-income teens and adults.
it was not clear when he arrived in austria, and representatives of the austrian justice ministry were not immediately available for comment.
the spectators sang to encourage their team .
we 've been able to get supplies, food, medicine, water, emergency generators, to ensure that hospitals and law enforcement offices are able to stay up and running as they are out there responding.
they usually go to sleep early .
why did she say that?
david thought about it.
the weatherman said there is a high probability of rain.
the position of the hymenium is traditionally the first characteristic used in the classification and identification of mushrooms .
trading has all but ceased as sand piles up in the streets.
these birds feed on nectar from flowers using a long tongue .
the bridge 's collapse had lasting effects on science and engineering .
it is, linda.
that was another pushup.
a significant body of nietzschean texts express extreme skepticism that there is any such thing as a “self”, or “soul”, as well as doubts about the traditional faculties of the soul and the basic capacities they were supposed to exercise (thinking, willing, feeling).
good luck with the course and see you in the next lesson!
lake died in london on 7 december 2016 , at the age of 69 , after suffering from cancer .
there are a few major differences between the political system of the united states and that of most other developed democracies .
he is pleased to have been finally accepted .
i am a reading specialist .
that's a good thing!
he was a king, but just one of the dead.
the next generation faces many problems .
when she lost the mirror, she said, "i'm sorry, molly.
the best place for people to keep money is in the bank.
the 2016 census found that 51.3 % of residents spoke english , and 21.3 % spoke french , as their main language .
steadily rising sea levels then further isolated this little island , which is entirely of volcanic origin .
other data on thursday from global outplacement firm challenger, gray & christmas showed planned job cuts announced by u.s.-based employers rose only 3.3% to 79,552 in january.
my son is about to start middle school as well.
the alarm will ring in a second .
let's get together next week and go if you're better.
the common cold is generally mild and goes away on its own with most symptoms improving in one week .
is it 7:00 already?
i am not sad either .
move in from 1 june.
there was another knock on his door.
the way clouds affect global warming has been the biggest mystery surrounding future climate change.
“we see a substantial portion of investment bank growth as sustainable even as markets normalize, as we expect in 2021,” sewing said, according to prepared remarks to analysts.
dca is the international air transport association code for reagan national airport.
her mother doesn't like peter.
at first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she composed exclusively for the piano .
the curtain rises on a warm evening in india a long time ago .
but the deep deposit of magnetite has proved a strong enough magnet to keep people here.
it was his favorite jacket.
other leaders, such as former mexican president vicente fox, have called for drug legalization as part of a solution to his country's woes.
i told her to call me if there was any news on his condition .
miami’s difficulties are threefold.
his friends often come over and hang out at our house .
mycorrhizal plants are often more resistant to diseases , such as those caused by microbial soil- borne pathogens , and are also more resistant to the effects of drought .
there are numerous mathematically equivalent formulations of quantum mechanics .
his father lived in another city.
i would love some.
he was educated at the jesuit college in rome .
my teacher is so talkative that when i ask her a question she always goes off topic .
sharon was five years old.
i'd like to schedule an appointment.
why are you asking?
in many societies , shepherds were an important part of the economy .
in trials, the second rat responded correctly to the imported brain signals 70% of the time by pressing the lever.
engineers in the nineteenth century understood that a bridge that was continuous across multiple supports would distribute the loads among them .
she will be a college student in september.
he has many works .
his parents gave him his bike when he was nine.
it is hard, however, to avoid the question on everyone’s mind: will there be a battle for damascus – the world’s oldest continually inhabited city, as the guidebooks say – like the one that has so damaged aleppo?
the shield is supported by two men of different shades of brown .
for foucault, the issue is that madness is not allowed to speak for itself and is at the disposal of a power that dictates the terms of their relationship.
children of women with gdm have an increased risk for childhood and adult obesity and an increased risk of glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes later in life .
those girls dancing over there had practiced their routine for a week and later won an award .
she took some cash out of her purse.
the plight of undocumented immigrants in the united states, notably the substantial number of migrants who crossed the border from mexico, is a major political issue south of the rio grande.
as a result of the development of agriculture in the south , important cultural development was possible there .
all this will take money and the report says one obvious implication is that stronger domestic tax systems and greater tax revenues will be required.
all the people who were on the ship died when it sank .
her foot blocked the ball .
the planes , with many damaged aircraft , landed on their carriers between 12 : 50 and 14 : 30 .
the short - beaked common dolphin is a medium-sized dolphin , but is smaller than the other species of the genus delphinus , the long- beaked common dolphin .
the airport opened june 16 , 1941 , just before us entry into world war ii .
as a part of the british empire canada immediately was at war in 1914 .
the judge called for order in the courtroom after the outburst .
lulu said, "yes, mom, it is a short letter.
after mating has taken place , males do various things to stop the female mating again .
they were all required to wear suits .
snow boots are good to have because they are warm .
the door was locked , the curtains were drawn , and the newspapers were piled up in the mailbox .
he said she was too fat.
the result is a computer that can read otherwise defunct files.
sometimes her best friend walked to school with brenda.
the eid prayer must be offered in congregation .
now, the sea spray is causing its concrete walls to collapse.
the legislature overrode his veto.
there have been many opposition groups against hitler 's ideology for decades now .
he is married to since 1990 , has four children .
what is not questionable, however, is that its exhibition currently escapes us.
there was nothing to save after the fire .
the personal injury lawsuit was filed friday in cook county circuit court.
in 2010, former president jimmy carter helped secure the release of aijalon mahli gomes, a u.s. citizen who had been fined roughly $600,000 and sentenced to eight years of hard labor for crossing over the chinese border into north korea.
by definition, they deny access to a substantive claim for a purely procedural reason.
while these efforts may entail long-term commitments, they would fall well short of committing combat forces, wrote the rand authors, andrew hoehn and sarah harting.
they put the food in bags .
the magician bent the spoon effortlessly .
basophils contain large cytoplasmic granules which obscure the cell nucleus under the microscope when stained .
a description of any thermodynamic system employs the four laws of thermodynamics that form an axiomatic basis .
the site has pages on series and tropes .
s of april 2019 , there are five living former presidents of peru .
we had just finished the test when the bell rang .
within the modern synthesis of the early 20th century , macroevolution is thought of as the compounded effects of microevolution .
the corresponding formation on the floor underneath a stalactite is known as a stalagmite .
almost all wattles have cream to golden flowers .
stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
kimball denied that request in august, and defense attorneys appealed his ruling to the 10th u.s.
females have a body length of about 8 mm and males are slightly smaller .
i found her crying quietly in her room the day her cat died .
i do n't know what you have in mind .
at present, the warnings cover at least 30% on the front and 40% on the back.
dotty asked her mom.
in all, nearly 40,000 laws were enacted in 2011, according to the national conference of state legislatures.
points are awarded to the top 10 classified finishers .
you can keep coming back here.
one local newspaper ran the headline, “japan’s proud food culture in tears,” while the mass circulation yomiuri shimbun said it was “astonished by the industry’s lack of morals.” the newspaper voiced concerns that the scandal could “harm the credibility of brand japan, products and services, which are praised by foreign countries and tourists for their safety and security.” industry experts said the global financial crisis in 2008 had forced luxury hotels to cut costs while attempting to woo diners with detailed menu descriptions.
your daily computer limit time is up.
the chair was covered to protect it from dirt .
there are infinitely many non-similar shapes of icosahedra , some of them being more symmetrical than others .
on account of the election results in 2009 , the party fulfils the conditions for receiving public allowances .
i have just started my new job .
16 - bit programs run separately within one 32 - bit ntvdm process .
there are properties which allow one to recognize certain divisors of a number from the number 's digits .
the cheap and simple water aspirator is the most common type of aspirator .
withdrawal of a military occupation is anticipated and therefore tactical but may be subject to political rather than operational variables .
isis has captured the imagination of a new generation of jihadists -- from arab and european states alike -- with its ruthless pursuit of a caliphate, dramatic territorial gains and relentless propaganda machine.
“an experienced presenter like myself generally gets to work prime-time hours, which means all weekends, bank holidays and very late evenings, plus the occasional 5am shift.” his worst task ever, he says, was singlehandedly having to sell some female slimming pants: “it was a very tricky hour and not my ﬁ nest.” job satisfaction: “i love the rush of live presenting and having to think on my feet every second,” says ryan.
the actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from each source .
china's state-run media, however, have accused some western news agencies -- including cnn -- of distorting coverage of the riots to make china look bad and the protesters look like innocent victims.
small granules in their cytoplasm contain proteins and enzymes called granzymes .
the top two placed teams from each of the eight groups will qualify for the knockout stage .
flash drives implement the usb mass storage device class so that most modern operating systems can read and write to them without installing device drivers .
the school is known for having a large number of white students compared with the national average .
index terms—deep learning, graph neural networks, graph convolutional networks, graph representation learning, graph autoencoder, network embedding i.
of knightly extraction , has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265 .
analyst henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the takahama decision, as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives.
we 're moving forward with an expanded list of individuals, u.s. president barack obama earlier told reporters in manila, philippines.
a survey this week also showed manufacturers hired more workers in january.
i'm craving some spaghetti, bread, and even a salad.
the programmer sat surrounded by computers .
the shell colouration also keeps the animal cryptic in the water .
this class was once classified as sea cucumbers in the echinoderms .
a convoy of military trucks was seen passing into yangon late on sunday, raising fears that could change.
his friend said that sounded great.
many children picked the fruit .
transcendental realism is the commonsense pre-theoretic view that objects in space and time are “things in themselves”, which kant, of course, denies.
we will never be certain of the largest and smallest dinosaurs to have existed .
the nineteenth century philosophers, søren kierkegaard and friedrich nietzsche, came to be seen as precursors of the movement.
western modern historical linguistics dates from the late 18th century .
the city runs a school-based education program in which teen mothers and fathers discuss with peers the challenges of raising a child.
popular science is a bridge between the literature written for scientists , and the realms of popular writing which ordinary people use .
so, barbara's mom did not laugh at barbara's story.
gaia is the personification of the earth and these are her offspring as related in various myths .
without treatment , an acute attack of gout will usually resolve in 5 to 7 days .
for instance, being overly integrated into some other object might also be a problematic or dysfunctional relation but it is not what is typically thought of as alienation.
only one car out of 16 met the 80g target.
the size of irish elk antlers is distinctive .
there are species on the checklist , which is begun below and continues in several parts .
otherwise, feminist political philosophy largely followed the lines of traditional political philosophy.
he hugs his dad.
just watch, okay.
it 's time for you to buy proper gear for running .
it 's football season in america .
"when she's a big girl, i'm going to hit her again," he said.
another application of material science in industry is the making of composite materials .
the division is noticeable in the maintenance and repair of these kinds of products too .
the phone kept ringing .
he asked his parents to take him to a farm.
the ratio of height to width is 5 to 8 .
tanzania is divided into 26 regions .
she was happy to hear that.
thus, the question of whether we have a general duty of beneficence to extend our care to those who seem to be left out has not received much attention (but for a recent exception see collins 2013).
the new technology allowed deliberate alteration of genes to change the characteristics of an organism .
but he was mean to her.
as of 2017 , the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies .
oh, they're working perfectly!
a dry-cleaning machine is similar to a combination of a domestic washing machine and clothes dryer .
"will you marry him?"
it's due today.
in several countries , the sugar glider is popular as an exotic pet , and is sometimes referred to as a pocket pet .
to prove this with algebra , start with the equation
inert gases are often used in the chemical industry .
all trains stop at every station along their route and run the entire length of their line from end to end .
her mom told her to wash the plate again.
although the role that synthetic marijuana played in emily's medical condition is not yet clear, what is clear is that these new chemicals might not even exist if it were n't for the prohibition of marijuana, a plant that has been widely consumed throughout the world for thousands of years.
the outcome of the war in afghanistan is intrinsically tied to the future of the nato alliance, a new analysis from the rand corporation suggested.
the charming boy had a lot of friends .
each course of the university has its own recruitment process , most of the time by a competitive examination .
every morning we look for shells in the sand.
kodkods are equally active during the day and during the night , although they only venture into open terrain under the cover of darkness .
many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in knowledge caused by the zone of avoidance .
this is a neighborhood whose summer festivals become very crowded .
a kick in wrestling is an attack using any part of the foot or lower leg to strike the opponent 's body or head .
the main disadvantages of circular slide rules are the difficulty in locating figures along a dish , and limited number of scales .
these are written papers about musical theory .
yes, but beauty is worth it!
in other words, we are fundamentally responsive creatures—and our creations are shaped by our responses either to the weight and push of the past, the burdens or joys of the present or the pull and call of the future.
the ingredients are diced and then mixed with kvass just before eating ; the ratio of chopped food to kvass is similar to that of cereal to milk .
“the crisis has given dealers the possibility to promote a new, cheap drug, a cocaine for the poor,” said poulopoulos at a centre run for addicts in exarcheia, the anarchist stronghold in athens.
(schrödinger [1935] 1980: 328) it is thus because of the “measurement problem”, of macroscopic superpositions, that schrödinger found it difficult to regard the wave function as “representing reality”.
california also will ban stores from selling expired infant food and formula.
hands, or small, gripping body parts used for a tremendous number of actions, are at the end of arms.
argentina has lodged an expression of its unhappiness that the us outdoor clothing retailer, patagonia, is claiming a domain name that has been known far longer as a region of spectacular beauty that also has its own parliament.
"i cannot open the door," joseph said.
rodney did not pull over.
the male is 22 cm in length with the elongated outer tail - feathers accounting for 14 -.
the tower began to sink after construction had progressed to the second floor in 1178 .
where do you want to go?
in modern times , 70 % to 90 % of the waters is used for human purposes and the flow is much smaller .
the president 's role is largely ceremonial as in many parliamentary democracies .
reflecting the importance of social networks in spreading the message about the protests, some in são paulo – where numbers were estimated at between 30,000 and 100,000 – carried banners declaring “we come from facebook”.
for the opposition groups, annan could spend all the time he wants on negotiations, but any talks not predicated on al-assad's stepping aside will not be acceptable.
with approximately 25 phonemes , the german consonant system has an average number of consonants in comparison with other languages .
dora wanted to buy a card for her mother.
the film received mixed reviews .
some skyscrapers feature rooftop helipads or heliports to serve the transport needs of executives or clients .
the password is 595.
x provides the basic framework for a gui environment : drawing and moving windows on the display device and interacting with a mouse and keyboard .
the cat was lying on its stomach.
there are several materials used in saws , with each of its own specifications .
typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working liquid .
the temporary dwellings will be heavily policed, but antisocial tenants will also have access to doctors, social workers and parole officers.
pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed .
her mother is unhappy with helen.
cantor himself devoted much effort to it, and so did many other leading mathematicians of the first half of the twentieth century, such as hilbert, who listed the ch as the first problem in his celebrated list of 23 unsolved mathematical problems presented in 1900 at the second international congress of mathematicians, in paris.
i tried to stop the car but the road was wet .
the silky sifaka has a variable social structure , and lives in groups of two to nine individuals .
visitors stopped and looked at teri's paintings.
while hundreds of comic series have been made in the franco- belgian group , some are more notable than others .
it was dark.
chicken or veal parmigiana has become very popular in australia as a pub dish , often served with chips and salad .
more than 40,000 people have been killed in mexico in the past four years as rival cartels battle each other over lucrative smuggling corridors and as the army fights the cartels.
fingering is generally considered safe sex as long as there are no open wounds on the fingers .
the corresponding formation on the floor of the cave is known as a stalagmite .
they went back to the city.
oregon will require ignition interlock devices -- computerized breath analyzers -- for people convicted of driving under the influence and people who are under intoxicant diversion agreements, which allow prosecution on a dui charge to be delayed.
of course, you can.
it was not too light.
she will do it as soon as she comes back from lunch .
this breed originated in the second half of the 19th century .
scientists will probably never be certain of the largest and smallest dinosaurs to have ever existed .
we go to school .
[1] the presocratics were struck by a dilemma: either mind is an elemental feature of the world, or mind can somehow be reduced to more fundamental elements.
m82 is being physically affected by its larger neighbor , the spiral m81 .
there is one bathroom.
when you have a representation of red, for example, you are conscious of the object red.
but the doorknob didn't turn.
three men are running along the riverside .
the province has 3 urban and 111 rural communities .
many species have five petals , often grown together .
this trade is good for both of us.
since the 1980s , the political groups of the parliamentary right have joined forces around the values of economic liberalism and the building of europe .
thus, if we do something because it is our “civic” duty, or our duty “as a boy scout” or “a good american,” our motivation is respect for the code that makes it our duty.
equations can be classified according to the types of operations and quantities involved .
two airplanes came too close to one another while attempting to land at a detroit airport, a federal official said early saturday, days after another close incident involving three jets at a washington, d.c. airport.
“the commission is finalizing a proposal to introduce a new emissions testing procedure that will allow proper assessment of the vehicles in real driving,” said lucia caudet, a commission spokesperson.
it won't be an old cat.
this extra material began emerging as far back as 1978 but was given a massive kick by the mushrooming of the internet in the 1990s.
public health has early roots in antiquity .
but in july 2005, a utah district court judge ruled him incompetent to stand trial, leaving him in custody at the utah state hospital.
he is happy with his new car.
he kicked it with his foot again.
promise you wo n't ever tell anyone what you saw here today .
"we should not have slept in."
one in california prohibits the production or sale of beer to which caffeine has been added.
amid heightened tension between iran and the united states , the united states blamed iran for the attacks .
some people hide their money in their refrigerator.
the outer ear is the folds of cartilage surrounding the ear canal .
evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle .
what time do you get out?
construction of the temple complex started in approximately 1264 bc and lasted for about 20 years , until 1244 bc .
in the biggest city of yangon, a group of saffron-robed monks marched in the vanguard of monday’s protest with workers and students.
some students did n't come to class .
other types of anal carcinoma are adenocarcinoma , lymphoma , sarcoma or melanoma .
but its most contentious application is for its own brand.
through a quirk of rights ownership, adaptations of casino royale (in 1967) and thunderball (as never say never again , in 1983) were released in competition with eon productions.
he quit the band in 2008 to put more energy into his career as a pilot .
here are some answers about the swat valley, its history and what's taking place there.
according to monbiot, momentum is building for the reintroduction of the lynx into the cairngorms in scotland.
the microglia are the macrophages of the nervous system .
he forgot to buy cereal at the store .
eggs are laid one by one under old leaves of the hostplant , and are green or grey - blue .
a tear rolled down her cheek .
billy is her only child.
bismuth chloride is used as a catalyst in organic synthesis .
the explosion killed 90 people and injured 1,400 others .
she put her feet on the coffee table.
the order includes 85 - 90 genera from seven families of trees and shrubs .
she doesn't have to ask again.
perhaps not all of the students were notified about the project .
emily quickly learned which teachers to rely on .
the channel broadcasts live from 5 am to midnight , with a newscast updated every 15 minutes in format .
women had a relatively high status in ancient egypt and enjoyed the legal right to own , inherit , or will property .
evidence on the economic burden of malaria is important for prioritization of prevention and treatment service at the national and sub-national levels and facilitates better resource allocation in the health care system (mcintyre et al., 2006; larg and moss, 2011).
a table comparing sensorineural to conductive hearing loss
in hvdc bipolar configuration , a pair of conductors are used , each at a high potential with respect to ground in opposite polarity .
this list is in chronological order across the table by genus .
however, it can easily be abused as an interrogation prop and many people are anxious anyway facing a polygraph on which their job or liberty depends.” he said the new method, by contrast, achieved a reliability rating of over 70% and he was confident they would be able to do better.
case 4000 alleges netanyahu granted regulatory favours worth around 1.8 billion shekels (about $500 million) to telecommunications company bezeq telecom israel.
adults are strictly diurnal , flying preferentially in the late morning and early afternoon .
a classic formulation of a criteriological argument for miracles is employed by charles leslie (1697/1815: 13), who argues that we may safely believe an historical claim that meets four criteria: that the matters of fact be such, as that men’s outward senses, their eyes and ears, may be judges of it.
she is the woman whose research has been published .
you are so lucky.
game theory has also been used in philosophy .
they took a nice evening stroll through the park .
those deemed guilty of causing “extreme havoc” will be evicted and placed in temporary homes of a “basic” nature, including converted shipping containers in industrial areas of the city.
she didn't want to stand in line.
decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead .
during this period many design houses began to hire artists to sketch or paint designs for garments .
in general, the reference to one’s own experiences does not require the intervention of an additional content.
the bride wore a simple dress .
i was excited because stella and i had 500 dollars to share between the two of us .
at least two schools of researchers have proposed that dromaeosaurids may actually be descended from flying ancestors .
naming a child after a relative , friend , or well - known person is common in the english -speaking world .
before 2009 , the united states was the leading issuer of ipos in terms of total value .
casualty estimates from the battle vary widely .
closer’s editor has hinted she has other, more intimate pictures.
i don't really have a good reason.
the modern city was established in 1956 .
it is something which people should take seriously .
she received a ring from her boyfriend .
the book is murakami's .
as of version 1.13.0 , there are 66 cats for the player to collect .
in the baroque period , music in c minor was usually written with a two -flat key signature .
she went home late .
in 1888 georges head was chosen as the best place to observe and fire underwater mines , the latest in harbor defences .
vfds are used in applications ranging from small appliances to large compressors .
on the other hand, the early bonds were incredibly commercial films, sexy and exciting, and there was very little around like them.” it’s a point worth underlining that, although skyfall’s actual receipts dwarf all the other bond films, the performance of some of the 1960s entries in the series was almost as brilliant by comparison.
shoppers are more plugged in to where their food comes from than ever before, the internet has brought quality produce to our doorsteps at the click of a button, pop-up restaurants are showcasing the latest trends and exciting global cuisines are now as common as fish and chips.” “by opening up this data, we can look beyond what, where or how previous generations were eating and pinpoint the moments that changed our habits for good.
after boxing , rose became a successful businessman .
japan is trying to persuade south korea and other countries to lift bans on food imports imposed in response to the fukushima nuclear accident, while unesco is considering a request to add japanese cuisine to its intangible cultural heritage list.
but was clinton right ?
eventually they all got what they wanted : harry married ginny and hermione married ron .
with further transistor size reductions made available with semiconductor technology advances , multi-core cpus have appeared where multiple cpus are implemented on the same silicon chip .
and this status quo is entirely uninterested in the idea of women as capable, autonomous leaders who might change norms in unsettling, risky ways.
richard is not fat.
on pictures he was usually drawn with a black and a yellow stripe painted across his face .
the width of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal width of the scales .
the chance to click on international news websites, communicate with friends and family overseas and use sites like facebook and twitter has created a massive buzz.
“it is a killer, but it also makes you want to kill,” said konstantinos, a drug addict.
she cooks for her little brother .
another part of the show was the the knight 's tour , a famed chess puzzle .
in 1878 cantor formulated the famous continuum hypothesis (ch), which asserts that every infinite set of real numbers is either countable, i.e., it has the same cardinality as ℕ, or has the same cardinality as ℝ.
japan has had more than one system for designating years .
anything from japan reminds me of home .
we went to look for food .
he gave her a shoulder massage .
king cut in to ask if romney was referring specifically to disaster relief, a topic in the news at the time following a deadly joplin, missouri, tornado, and romney continued: we can not afford to do those things without jeopardizing the future for our kids.
after more than 40 movies , she ended her movie career in 1928 at the early age of 13 .
economic and social rights are ascendant as well, as people make claims for the essentials of human life: water, food, health, jobs and education.
in 1989 , the satellite hipparcos was launched primarily for obtaining improved parallaxes and proper motions for over 100,000 nearby stars , increasing the reach of the method tenfold .
he 's so pale that he looks sick .
the car makes noises.
most of klarna’s loans are small, of short duration and interest-free, which is safer for customers than credit cards, he said.
and after capturing mazar e sharif in 1998, taliban fighters killed hundreds of hazara in retaliation for the mass execution of its own soldiers the previous year.
she had her stomach stapled to lose weight .
the legislation would require certain tax-exempt groups involved in political advertising -- which currently are not required to disclose the names of their donors -- to release the names of those who give donations of $10,000 or more.
he put on his pajamas.
report it to the public.
the mallard is a medium-sized waterfowl species that is often slightly heavier than most other dabbling ducks .
neither my parents nor the school is happy with me .
they concluded with this observation: while we have thus shown that the wave function does not provide a complete description of the physical reality, we left open the question of whether or not such a description exists.
new regulations will introduce the tests to reveal what cars’ emissions are like when driving on roads and in traffic rather than in ideal, laboratory-like conditions, as is currently the case.
the endocrine system consists of several glands , all in different parts of the body , that secrete hormones directly into the blood rather than into a duct system .
potassium fluoride is made by reacting potassium carbonate with hydrofluoric acid .
there is also a wide spectrum of opinion on the significance of the problem.
the cheer pheasant lacks the color and brilliance of most pheasants .
her shelf was crowded with swimming trophies .
the gravel roads and muddy puddles that can now be seen online, however, give little sense of life in a land usually covered in snow, which is one reason why google selected the less- hospitable month of march to travel to iqaluit.
what we eat says a lot about us as a society .
both topics involve notorious difficulties and were extensively and intensely discussed by hellenistic logicians; so much so that the disputes became part of the general knowledge of the intelligentsia of the time (se, against the grammarians 309-10).
before the opening match in brasilia, crowds of demonstrators were dispersed by riot police.
cell division is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms .
the readout can be analog or digital , and modern instruments offer serial communications with a host computer or network .
warm water came out of the faucet.
raise your hand first.
in the us, winter spans from 21 december to 20 march, and is, as one would expect, the coldest of the four seasons.
two websites were created to support the fictional company .
although there is racism still present in the world , it has gotten significantly better compared to decades ago .
the traditional concept of marriage has evolved over time.
the alternative to this view is that the act of conserving beings that already exist differs from calling beings into existence from nothing.
but carol didn't want to eat more sugar.
then i will be getting out sometime around 10:00 p.m. great.
be as quiet as possible .
most of the rallies appeared to start peacefully until they confronted the security forces, who are largely organized at a regional level.
be there in 10 mins well done!
in 1993 the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in germany .
this coup was soon followed by his first world title in 1942 .
there were so many people against the world cup being held in brazil because they thought it would be unsafe .
though their shock at the slaughter was great , the romans began a slow , systematic preparation to reconquer the country .
the male then leads the female to potential nest sites , and the female will choose one .
id card visible on the desk.
key : years in parentheses denote the year of adoption by the state 's legislature .
the meps’ votes in the first reading of the draft tobacco directive, which could become law in 2014, will be followed by negotiations with the eu council of ministers.
transfers under the u.s.-guatemala agreement have been paused since mid-march 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic, the statement added.
lulu wrote a letter to her grandma.
the conversion from hexadecimal to binary is equally direct .
that's all i'm saying.
his career started in 1960 and continually worked on makeup until 2012 .
new research from the international energy agency (iea) shows that coal consumption is increasing all over the world – even in countries and regions with carbon-cutting targets – except in the us, where shale gas has displaced coal.
following people were members of the band .
in july 2010 , it was announced that casting had begun for a second season .
she thinks it is impermissible to save the five in rescue ii; whereas it is permissible (at least) to save the five in rescue i.
they are thought to be one of the most successful groups of studio musicians in music history .
the high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 14th century and early 15th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .
the stripes do not go up and down.
shares of gamestop and other companies caught in the recent social media-fueled trading frenzy bounced on friday, after online broker robinhood lifted all the buying curbs imposed at the apex of the battle between amateur investors and wall street hedge funds.
we need to be up-front and absolutely straight about what's going on.
because you are being rude, and i don't want to speak to you.
in addition, low-income women may not control their gestational diabetes as well as more prosperous mothers-to-be, says luigi garibaldi, m.d., clinical director of pediatric endocrinology at the children's hospital of pittsburgh.
a further addition, by von neumann, of the axiom of foundation, led to the standard axiom system of set theory, known as the zermelo-fraenkel axioms plus the axiom of choice, or zfc.
some dispute psychometrics entirely .
electroreceptive animals use this sense to locate objects around them .
they loved each other.
the group played together for 55 years , until 1938 .
she turned 100 in september 2017 and died on 19 january 2018 in rome .
put away the winter pajamas .
hemorrhoids are diagnosed by a doctor .
people whose voices are deep and sonorous often get radio and movie voice work .
it's so hot today.
and, if you’re stuck in a job you don’t like, it could be enough to have you reaching for your cv.
knowledge of them comes chiefly from that linguistic reconstruction , along with material evidence from archaeology and archaeogenetics .
he loved the color.
these early mammals developed many traits which made them well - suited for an active lifestyle .
however , there has been much debate over the origin and meaning of this word .
after all, we can sometimes impermissibly initiate harm with indirect intention.
the origin of this homochirality in biology is the subject of much debate .
coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the vessel .
most members of this family are ambush predators , in that they typically remain motionless in a camouflaged position , and then strike suddenly at passing prey .
the first country i'm teaching in is kenya.
as an architectural ornament , spires are most consistently found on christian churches , where they replace the steeple .
is that the house where we met ?
the autism rights movement is sometimes controversial .
statutory damages are an amount stipulated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff .
the city's pregnancy rate for females has dropped by 27 % over the past decade, but it is still higher than the national average, according to the mayor's office, which launched the campaign on monday.
meeting room 2.
as the forest was almost abandoned after the gold rush period , a regeneration process emerged .
the church underwent several renovations during the 1900s .
numerous nonferrous alloys , cast irons , powder-metallurgy and plastics are used in the manufacture of gears .
there are major differences between the political system of the united states and that of most other developed democracies .
it's the principle."
unlike previous display protocols , x was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on a display near the computer .
on april 20 , 2019 , picker died in new york city from colon cancer at the age of 87 .
we get people all over the world because of that section.
if we went to that beach , could we park for free ?
i was bored with so much rain .
bertorelli died on 26 may 2017 , at the age of 69 , after a long illness .
her eyes looked like emeralds .
as we have seen, foot argues that negative rights are generally stronger than positive rights.
it 's interesting that tadpoles become frogs .
"you will get better.
a man dressed as a policeman was asking questions .
problem gamblers have more suicidal ideation and make more suicide attempts compared to the general population .
the water felt good.
a tropical wave moved off the coast of africa on august 9 .
allison 2004: 22).
it led in fact to ‘nihilism’ (a term, incidentally, that jacobi made popular).
another solid positional line , this variation is characterized by the moves : 1 . e
[these] techniques could increase yields up to 300% and add tens of billions of us dollars to household revenues across sub-saharan africa and south asia.”
the bank has all of randy's money.
engineers in the nineteenth century knew that a bridge which was built across multiple supports would distribute the loads among them .
they could watch the boats.
many people argue about what makes up the mind .
this list is in chronological order by genus .
if they were in hawaii , they would feel much more relaxed .
at trawniki, krumpf said, he was assigned to watch for victims who were still halfway alive or convulsing and prevent their escape by shooting them to death, the justice department said.
she went outside.
australian prime minister kevin rudd, appearing with bush at the white house, also called for meetings between the two sides.
the political advertising all those donations buy threatens to drown out the voice of middle-class families in our democracy, argued sen. sheldon whitehouse, d-rhode island, a chief sponsor of the bill.
after the remaining population had been expelled , the germans continued the destruction of the city .
they were n't hopeful about finding the missing boys .
her wedding dress had a full skirt .
film critics circle of australia awards
the burgh has about 1,300 people , with about 25 per cent of pensionable age .
assuming a comfortable position helps the baby to latch properly .
she described pyongyang as so erratic that you can not see even an inch ahead.
it 's hard to find furniture made of wood .
roman chamomile can be applied directly to the skin for pain and swelling and is used to treat cracked nipples .
since they won the game , the last goal must have been very rewarding .
where was the envelope?
the toad has long been thought to be an animal of ill omen or a connection to the other world .
the liberal variety allows for “sharing” of the territorial state with non-dominant ethnic groups.
he walked out of the bathroom.
the advent of deep learning has had a significant impact on many areas in machine learning, dramatically improving the state-of-the-art in tasks such as object detection, speech recognition, and language translation [70].
no one tried to help the drowning man .
the supreme court has a president and 8 judges .
“there’s a big difference between sharing sensory information and being able to plan.
the militants and the pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year, which was recently signed into law by pakistani president asif ali zardari.
now do i have to go to my room?"
undergraduate (n) a student at a college or university who is studying for a first degree they met when they were undergraduates at cambridge university.
chlorine dioxide is used to bleach wood pulp to make paper .
visual stimuli are frequently considered elegant if a small number of colors and stimuli are used , emphasizing the remainder .
construction began on january 5 , 1933 .
do n't go swimming over there .
bloomberg's visionary move against obesity but the move is expected to draw further protest from the soda industry and those concerned about government involvement in their personal choices.
the first international cricket match was played between canada and the united states , on 24 and 25 september 1844 .
the municipality covers an area of 1466 sqkm and the city proper , 16 sqkm .
sometimes , the developing world is plagued by largely preventable infectious diseases , due to malnutrition and poverty .
most old world warblers are of generally undistinguished appearance , though some asian species are boldly marked .
the keystone project has also divided democrats, namely environmentalists who see the pipeline as a symbolic battle in the larger fight over efforts to deal with climate change.
this was an early description of the process of geographic speciation by means of the founder effect .
do you want to get some popcorn?
for foot, answering this question depends on figuring out the scope of our moral rights, and this is a project that she pursued by reflecting on various thought experiments, some of which have entered popular culture.
the story of each opera can be found in the separate articles .
he didn't want to use the computer.
that would be great.
a white dwarf can potentially generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto its surface from its companion star .
in 1994 , the castle complex was made a national historical and cultural reserve .
in a film business where branding is all and a successful franchise the answer to everybody’s prayers, is there a risk that movie studios will simply become branding machines and lose their interest in cinema for its own sake?
i hate my roommate.
small versions of this instrument , called bird flageolets , were also made and were used for teaching birds to sing .
for decades it has been a world apart from the concrete-lined beaches of torremolinos and marbella along the coast, yet on 29 may the local council in tarifa approved plans to build a tourist complex right next to the beach, with 1,400 hotel rooms and 350 flats.
rosser thinks not.
the mechanical digger was still chewing the tarmac off the council car park, identified by years of research by local historians and the richard iii society as the probable site of the lost church of grey friars, whose priests bravely claimed the body of the king and buried him in a hastily dug grave, probably still naked, but in a position of honour near the high altar of their church.
irigaray’s focus on sexual difference is emblematic of this.
i will pay you back next year.
on 29 august 2010 , trail bike riders discovered a human skeleton in the forest .
the small print adds that 90 % of teen parents do n't marry each other.
she finally decided to see a doctor.
he bought a gallon of gas.
occasionally , novae are bright enough and close enough to earth to be conspicuous to the unaided eye .
in a major challenge to kiev's new leaders, armed rebels have captured towns and government buildings across eastern ukraine and are holding a team of european monitors hostage.
“desperation is such that many women agree to engage in unprotected sex because that way they’ll make more money,” said eleni marini, a british-trained psychologist with kethea.
i like blue, too.
sure, you can.
the type of current used plays an important role in arc welding .
same with yoga.
the first three groups followed the lines of cold war global political divisions: american liberalism, european socialism, and a revolutionary communism (though few in the west would embrace soviet-style communism).
in spanish -speaking countries there are many different names for each variety and preparation .
on impact with the target , a delayed action fuze is triggered .
the temple is famous for the approximately 25,000 black rats that live , and are revered in , the temple .
my mom drove me to school today.
he 's already gone to bed .
taylor's series are named after brook taylor who introduced them in 1715.
she grabbed her son so as to stop him from falling .
egalitarianism is a contested concept in social and political thought.
water is a key molecule in the physics and chemistry of star and planet formation, but it is difficult to observe from earth.
there are different hypotheses about when and where pie was spoken .
the lake has a good variety of fishes , and is a popular tourist attraction for fishing .
let 's meet there on new year 's eve .
as a result of education initiatives and marketing and age restrictions, smoking has declined dramatically over time -- despite its legality for adults -- in one of the greatest public health success stories of the last generation.
it is over at 2:00 o'clock.
the mall is only a mile from her house.
the new strategic concept will cite current security challenges facing nato members in the 21st century, such as terrorism, cyber warfare and piracy.
the "derivative" now takes the function f(x), defined by the expression "x2", as an input, that is all the information—such as that two is sent to four, three is sent to nine, four is sent to sixteen, and so on—and uses this information to output another function, the function g(x) = 2x, as will turn out.
“these incidents have surfaced one after the other and this inappropriate labelling has resulted in the loss of trust among consumers,” he told reporters.
they are well-loved animals that no one wants to see disappear.
the microarchitecture is related to , but not the same as , the instruction set architecture .
chinese records indicate that , in 188 , the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1 .
thompson's lawyer did not immediately respond to a cnn call for comment.
she said she belonged to a church.
campaigners say it also has a vital role in the animal world as a crossroads for migrating species.
platform games originated in the early 1980s , which were often about climbing ladders as much as jumping , with 3d successors popularized in the mid-1990s .
the site was excavated in august 2008 and again in august 2009 .
they were provided with a laptop computer and instructed how to ensure their homes, shops and meeting places would show up accurately on the map.
the rabi crops are sown around mid-november , preferably after the monsoon rains are over , and harvesting begins in april / may .
radical subjectivity refers to the development of a form of self-consciousness that finds present social and economic conditions intolerable.
still , german influence in the state remains very strong and visible .
pick up your pajamas .
everyone is cold in the winter.
i hope i can sleep.
before a baby is born , the epithelium and underlying mesenchy ma interact to form hair follicles .
my mother is learning to take it easy .
in 741 the church was destroyed in a fire .
in both cases, we are driving a jeep along a sea shore and have the chance to save various configurations of stranded people from an incoming tide.
the frog spends most of its life underground and surfaces only during the monsoon , for mating .
the number of people on his side of the church was much greater than the number on hers .
antibiotics have no effect against viral infections and thus have no effect against the common cold .
no one was successful in effectively using their time .
for example , a sociolinguist might research how a particular variety of language would not be considered correct in a business place .
are there no houses for sale right now ?
due process developed from clause 39 of the magna carta in england .
other types of anal cancer are adenocarcinoma , lymphoma , sarcoma or melanoma .
like vico, whom rosenstock-huessy greatly admired, he believes we are inescapably rooted in history, even though our great revolutions attempt to rip us out of it, in order to begin anew and build a much better world, thereby opening up new paths of self-hood.
chopsticks are used in many countries .
other names are used for corduroy .
fully equipped kitchen, living room with a large sofa and chairs, big tv and balcony.
in pre-modern society , the ordeal typically was done together with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a verdict .
she called lisa back the next day.
the bank keeps randy's money safe.
financial mathematics is a field of applied mathematics , concerned with financial markets .
like you said, it's popular.
the process of finding the derivative is called differentiation.
obama has called for fast-track trade authority from congress for him to pursue the so-called trans-pacific partnership, a massive free-trade zone.
john was so excited he opened his presents very quickly .
almost 2 million have fled the country, and 4 million more have been internally displaced.
the mating period lasts from april to june .
on an international basis , poets may submit their poems .
baber started her career as a private school principal from 1886 - 1888 .
ask someone else.
the violin is played either seated or standing up .
monsoon season in asia starts in may .
the launch also signaled that the north's long-range missile program now puts the united states within reach.
(for this point see kim 1973b and lewis 1986b.)
the earliest archaeological evidence for wheat seeds crushed between simple millstones to make flour dates to 6000 bc .
the signs and symptoms of african trypanosomiasis happen in two stages .
don't make a scene.
the crater is still visible, marked by an enormous patch of fresh asphalt on the main road going north.
there is no more water .
well, now i know you can't take criticism.
“getting older doesn’t have to mean getting lonelier,” says ruth sutherland, the chief executive of the relationship counselling service relate, in a new report.
peter 's vest made him look elegant .
for the final part of the study, the researchers delved even deeper, to see what sensitive information they could glean from telephone metadata.
the sketches were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
do you think he will mind if i borrow his ?
margarita enters naked into the realm of night , after she learns to fly , and control her unleashed passions .
this is played on a laptop .
since this constitutes a potentially limitless limitations period, the rule has two major safeguards built into it to avoid meritless claims and protect the rights of would-be defendants.
“as drugs go, it is the worst.
she came from italy when i was two years old.
police said two men were arrested in connection with the attack ; another was reported killed in a shootout with police .
each person must decide who to support in the election .
my brothers and i like to go on long walks in the mountains.
in fact, what they find really mythical in both myth and enlightenment is the thought that fundamental change is impossible.
she spent three weeks in bed.
5566 's members not only work together as one , but they also work separately .
i have my report card.
she talked to her parents.
location london, uk
bill stole a wheelchair.
can you smell something burning ?
he set off a wide scare in october when he released 50 potentially dangerous animals from his farm before shooting himself.
white’s plan incorporates a much higher-density arrangement of multi-storey apartment blocks around shared courtyards, lining straight boulevards, down which the icy winds will surge.
she gave one worm to each baby bird.
why didn't he lend her $1,000?
however intuitive, this cannot be all of kant’s meaning.
the bill allows analysts to search through the data if they suspect there is a 'reasonable suspicion' that a suspect is associated with international terrorism.
her mother walked into the room.
after condensation and ignition of a star , it generates thermal energy in its dense core region through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium .
some students choose to attend a community college or junior college for two years beforehand to further study at another college or university .
china is north korea's strongest ally and largest trading partner.
cobalt is a chemical element .
it doesn't take a lot of money to tear people apart.
the crossing over of optic nerve fibres at the optic chiasm allows the visual cortex to receive the same hemispheric visual field from both eyes .
lively interest about the development of science promoted close co-operation between historians and philosophers of science.
she 's bringing bread from the market .
she was angry.
£25,000 per year.
as of 2016 , tanzania is divided into thirty - one regions .
lyme disease is the most common tick - borne disease in north america and europe , and one of the fastest - growing infectious diseases in the united states .
it was a chinese restaurant.
they wanted to see the rose parade.
some water turbines are designed for pumped storage hydroelectricity .
this further inflamed the situation.
in this way, models of scientific change turn out to be relevant to issues of science policy (böhme 1977; schäfer 1983).
of course, son.
disulfur decafluoride is a colorless liquid .
she told her mom a funny story.
the second-generation of the ipod was introduced on july 17 , 2002 .
the students wanted the teacher to assign less homework .
she got dressed.
it's for a class project.
this can be done reasonably quickly , even for very large numbers , using modular exponentiation .
a principled mathematical framework for experience-driven autonomous learning is reinforcement learning (rl) [135].
my earliest class is at 9 a.m. that sounds amazing to me.
but their cars are too slow.
what does netanyahu say?
the police chief said crime was down.
he said, "i don't want to pick it up.
chameleons have the most distinctive eyes of any reptile .
the ships crossed the arabian sea .
historically there have also been negative consequences .
a single- tasking system can only run one program at a time , while a multi-tasking operating system allows more than one program to be running in concurrency .
it is possible that a jury could be seated where all the jurors would satisfy mr. mitchell's view of impartiality, the 10th circuit ruling said.
ana wakes up three days later in the hospital with christian at her side .
dumor died on 18 january 2014 in his london home after a cardiac arrest , having been on air the day before .
for example , a person had to choose between two stocks .
japanese has a long history of borrowing from foreign languages .
today there are only six known species of lungfish , living only in africa , south america and australia .
this is of grave concern to me.
in 1896 , winners ' medals were made from silver .
when she calls your name, say "here."
do you know who won against the dodgers and the cubs ?
a function is analytic at a point x if it is equal to the sum of its taylor series in some open interval (or open disk in the complex plane) containing x.
my family has lived here for generations .
the club also played floorball during the 1980s .
she held her nose.
it's going to be a lot of hard work, but i'm glad i got the part.
we waited a long time for her arrival .
they could sit next to the lake.
the seventh and final king of rome was lucius tarquinius superbus .
the bill was paid yesterday .
9; for a simulationist theory that differs in this respect, see gordon 1996).
there is nothing left to say about this situation
in real court, however, the rules are different.
after winning a clear victory , and as pursuit became too hazardous near wake , american forces retired .
the idiom is based on the honor shown to cows in hinduism .
sailing skiffs are the fastest and arguably most difficult type of dinghy to sail .
archeological evidence shows settlement in the area since 2000 bc .
the group also had success in the united states .
we have collaborated with ballistic device manufacturers, airplane manufacturers, firefighting organizations and other first responder groups to develop training about the potential hazards at an accident scene and to ensure that warning markings meet the necessary guidelines, the faa said in a statement.
but, before you start hunting through the job ads, try to put things in perspective.
most of the area around these mountain villages is covered with trees .
gram staining differentiates bacteria by the chemical and physical properties of their cell walls .
undulators can provide hundreds of time more magnetic flux than a simple bending magnet and as such are in high demand at synchrotron radiation facilities .
his barcode acts as a security key to access areas of the facility where he was created and trained .
each postcode area is divided into post towns and postcode districts .
other sources use minima as low as 28 kn , and maxima as high as 90 kn .
the neognaths have fused metacarpals , an elongate third finger , and 13 or fewer vertebrae .
criticism of the game is that battle is easy and cut-scenes dialog is too long .
his most comprehensive statement occurs in negative dialectics, which is discussed later.
over the weekend, he called the recent thaw in relations between the two countries ridiculous.
the latter half of the period was a time of mountain - building on nearly all continents .
billy did eight more pushups.
alsop died on 12 may 2018 at the age of 70 .
tanzania ranks fifth in the world in terms of sweet potato production (hki, 2012).
the sachsenhausen concentration camp just north of berlin where the u.s. says krumpf worked as an ss guard.
i appreciate it.
the late ruler, kim jung il, was reported to have bowled a perfect game the first time he set foot on a bowling alley.
i could use some chips.
romney believes that states should be in charge of emergency management in responding to storms and other natural disasters in their jurisdictions, said the statement by spokeswoman amanda henneberg.
there is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its color in the gram staining .
are pencils still made with lead ?
we 're expecting a snowstorm overnight .
if we take another sample of 25 cups , we could easily expect to find mean values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams .
but it wasn't on the chair for long.
one day she tried to turn the doorknob.
astronomers now have evidence there is a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy .
they will stop leaving trash here."
some al qaeda affiliates have been forced on the defensive over the last couple of years.
she gave him a new cup .
historically, it would have been a disappointment for african americans and many white liberals if the first black presidency had ended in failure, halted prematurely.
she put her feet in the bathtub .
diffusion is associated with the dependency of the output bits on the input bits .
in 2007 , the club began to play floorball .
people often like science fiction because it gives them an exciting vision of the future .
he believes that president obama's deferred action program, offering deportation relief to young immigrants, should be ended.
arsenic pentafluoride is a colorless gas .
a simple cantilever span is formed by two cantilever arms extending from opposite sides of an obstacle to be crossed , meeting at the center .
ammonium carbonate is a white solid .
the tribunal de grande instance in nanterre, paris granted an injunction ordering the gossip magazine closer to hand over digital files of the pictures within 24 hours and preventing it disseminating them any further, including on its website and tablet app.
instant messaging allows instantaneous communication between a number of parties simultaneously , by transmitting information quickly and efficiently , featuring immediate receipt of acknowledgment or reply .
4; avramides 2001: part i).
at least four contractors ' locomotives were used for construction .
most euglenozoa have two flagella , which are inserted parallel to one another in an apical or subapical pocket .
may i turn in my homework tomorrow?
that will be $5.
he got a shoe brush.
since the 1980s , the political groups of the parliamentary right joined forces around the values of economic liberalism and the building of europe .
another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice , dry ice , or liquid nitrogen .
we as a society want to defend them.” according to boer, the villages are not for “the regular nuisance between two neighbours where one has the stereo too loud on saturday night” but “people who are extremely violent and intimidating, and in a clear situation where a victim is being repeatedly harassed”.
a decade on, fissures are starting to appear in the ground, creeping ever closer to the town.
on the positive side, nietzsche is equally keen to detail the psychological conditions he thinks would be healthier for both individuals and cultures (see, e.g., gs pref.
through automatic and manual searches, they identified 82% of people’s names.
after september 1939 , desperate efforts were made to improve the situation , but with very little result .
the buildings were painted silver to resemble metal .
the central technique of the socratic method is called an elenchus .
most feathered dinosaurs discovered so far have been coelurosaurs .
the speech is very important in the popular culture of the united states .
do you know when the adams family is arriving ?
marie was able to hand in her project two minutes before midnight .
fool me twice, shame on me, he thought.
it is named because it is close and looks like the great sandy desert , but it is much smaller .
my friend had a brass bed .
some snakes are completely harmless .
there are very few customers today .
“shisha has been linked to a very intense sexual drive but it attacks your ability to think straight and we’re seeing a lot more pregnancies among drug addicts who engage in prostitution.” in 2012, two sex workers gave birth on the streets of athens.
the municipality key consists of eight digits , which are generated as follows : the first two numbers designate the individual german state .
the red-content has the capacity to present itself to your mind.
the ball came back to fred.
have you heard about the south african apartheid ?
the rebec can have any number of strings from one to five , although three is the most common number .
feds investigate 3 planes flying too close at dc-area airport the incident occurred tuesday afternoon when air traffic controllers were making adjustments for landing and departing aircraft because of bad weather.
since metals are good conductors of electricity , they are valuable in electrical tools and for carrying an electric current over long distances with little energy loss .
they put "sale!
they stare at the clock.
there is a tennis court near my house .
the observation that living things inherit traits from their parents has been used since prehistoric times to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding .
the brothers were as plump as their sisters .
there were pieces of chicken in the soup.
italy seems beautiful.
i wish they would stop complaining .
o: info@ascot-hotel.co.uk from: david mathews subject: booking 2 nights next week dear ascot hotel, i would like to reserve an accessible single room for two nights with breakfast on the 22 and 23 of april.
they were hungry.
prisons today have too many prisoners.
nowadays , long distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill -levels .
she helped andrew add numbers.
as he says in ‘the terms of the creed’, ‘logic is that mode of spiritual life in which the divinity of timing is omitted’.
she would be in the parade on new year's day.
the man on the radio was talking about an accident.
chicken is healthier than beef .
"no," said the owner.
meanwhile, those still driving cars are dealing with less traffic thanks to waze.
at work, it can be beneficial to tell your employer how you’re feeling.
the total number of people with this infection is higher in some countries in africa and asia .
the common legal opinion of federal child labor regulation reversed in the 1930s .
agrawal died on 11 october 2018 from heart failure complicated from starvation , aged 87 .
nearly 45,000 people had signed it as of tuesday afternoon.
though the bond series was not in trouble before mendes’s arrival – and craig’s – there was the sense of a certain amount of staleness towards the end of pierce brosnan’s run.
brian wondered why corn was yellow.
he wore a hoody.
in addition to the united states , americans and people of american descent can be found internationally .
but the invention could soon be defunct.
but we don't get the flu from pigs.
hockey goalies are sometimes pulled .
if she went into the water , we would see her footprints .
the sanctions build on the ones that were already in place.
he walked up to the driver's door.
the iranian embassy in mezze, its turquoise mosaic front giving an exotic glimpse of isfahan or shiraz, looks like a fortress.
there is, perhaps, a very simple reason why it is so difficult to discern in the quantum description the objects we believe quantum mechanics ought to describe.
the idea of a fully automated transportation system is intriguing because it has the potential to improve safety by removing human error and increase the efficiency of car owners, who can get on with other tasks during a long commute.
thousands of demonstrators gather weekly outside his official residence and across israel under the banner of “crime minister”, demanding he quit.
type designers have described oblique type as less organic and calligraphic than italics , which in some situations may be preferred .
china is the us government’s largest creditor.
she was eagerly waiting for the tooth fairy .
cicely leaves are sometimes used as a herb , with a strong taste of anise .
it lasted for only five seconds.
“in today’s world, those letters would be emails and the chances of finding them will be vanishingly small one hundred years from now,” said cerf.
the methods used cover both static and dynamic situations .
the future leaders of syria will not come from the syrian national council or the national coordination committee for change; they will emerge from the ranks of the revolutionary councils that are forming in different parts of the country.
the hazel dormouse requires a variety of arboreal foods to survive .
"but i'm not 'people,'" she said.
as such, the reservation would weaken international law as it relates to the global effort to tackle the drugs trade and could weaken the international community’s response to that trade.” the right of indigenous communities in south america’s andean region to chew coca leaf was removed in 1964 when bolivia was under a dictatorship and it signed up to the convention.
people were getting sick all over the world.
i wish she could have forgiven him .
at the northern end there are salt marshes which include a wetland of international importance .
she drank the last drop.
demonstrating that we represent objects or an objective world has a key role in most versions of this reading.
suddenly the room began to shake violently .
computational chemistry looks at both static and dynamic systems .
my grandson visits often .
i can't spend anymore money after i buy my english textbook.
the last major united nations (un) assessment, in 2007, predicted runaway temperature rises of 6°c or more by the end of the century.
2016; ibata et al.
the sea is mostly ice-covered .
the drug is often involved in drug intoxication , including overdoses .
she hurt all over her body.
the town is near a lake region of forests and plains .
he puts air in the rear tire.
epidemiological practice and the results of epidemiological analysis make a significant contribution to emerging population - based health management frameworks .
woven fabric is more elastic as well as more fluid in the bias direction , compared to the straight and cross grains .
it is made by burning phosphorus in a little air .
the naked mole- rat does not regulate its body temperature in typical mammalian fashion .
have you ever gone to sleep on a train ?
graphically , goetzinger is known for her research and attention to detail , carefully rendered apparel and a style influenced by art nouveau .
for discrete rings to persist , something must confine them .
hedge funds added another 9,070 shares of u.s. majors conocophillips and 4,144 to chevron corp over the same time period.
messier 49 has the radio emission of a normal galaxy .
if they were ripe , we could eat them .
windfeld died on 6 february 2015 after a short illness .
experiences, i.e., conscious mental occurrences, are able to present themselves to a self.
most , if not all , of the world 's religions promote selflessness as a very important moral value .
they would be his friends.
the golden everlasting has proven very adaptable to cultivation .
it hunts by flying low and slowly over an area of open ground , hovering over spots that conceal potential prey .
if there is no arché or foundation, then we are left with a proliferation of possibilities.
several of the reports to the nhtsa involve vehicles not covered by previous recalls, the agency said in a letter to ford's environmental and safety compliance global director on thursday.
hardware implements cache as a block of memory for temporary storage of data likely to be used again .
something was in his mattress.
in the 1970s , glass-ceramic cooktops started to appear .
in the days and weeks that follow , few dinosaurs remain .
we can’t put bins everywhere,” added smith.
the idea that labor is an essential part of a self-formative process is what distinguishes marx from the classical economists such as smith, ricardo, etc.
the caste system of insects enables eusociality , the division of labor between non-breeding and breeding individuals .
the least skipper favors damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
some laws ahead for the new year focus on health issues.
there have been numerous acts , both groups and individuals , that have won multiple awards .
vending machines suck, huh?
i do not ride the bus.
driven by the insatiable global appetite for construction, the mine has become the world’s largest underground iron-ore extraction site, producing 90% of all the iron in europe, enough to build more than six eiffel towers a day.
it had pictures of dogs and cats.
the shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong and is made of microscopic calcium carbonate tiles stacked like bricks .
she has given it a lot of thought .
de facto segregation in the united states has increased since the civil rights movement .
“the lobbyists were all over this,” archer said.
it's kind of fun to show how stupid they are and, as i say, the looks on their face, arpaio, 76, said of the suspects wanted for duis, drug charges, missed court dates and other offenses.
the citizens worked hard after the war to make this country what it is today .
they have given their approval .
his car goes a lot faster than mine .
there have been many more birds moving into the city since the car pollution law was passed a few years ago .
distinctness means that the events are not identical, neither is part of the other, and neither implies the other.
like many deep-sea cephalopods , the vampire squid lacks ink sacs .
but the court ruled that the new safety standards were loose, lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant, an official said.
she went to school with in - depth study of foreign languages , and now knows three languages .
he became a man whom others feared .
“we aren’t making multi-year loans on a car or a house.” smaller loans with shorter durations do have benefits, but they are not risk-free, experts said.
although she 's still very young , she 's very talented .
the 2004 ford and mazda recalls were for the vehicle speed control cables in their affected vehicles.
food shortages in 2008 led to civil unrest in 28 countries.
march music is often important for ceremonial occasions .
reminding opposition forces that all captured or wounded soldiers must be treated in accordance with international law, pillay said, opposition forces should not think they are immune from prosecution.
there are risks of infection by salmonella bacteria .
alright, thank you!
swim classes were beginning.
designers need to take into account that color-blindness is highly sensitive to differences in material .
but no one bought a single painting.
tourism was , and continues to be one of the more important economic enterprises for the municipality .
i wish we could have saved those papers for recycling .
genets are highly agile , have quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills .
he walked through the door .
she turned on the cold water.
by the morning of friday , july 21 , the fire had been reported at 74,083 acres at 15 % containment .
the sea has a number of reefs , islands where no one lives and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
what shall we play?
the upstairs bedroom sleeps four people, with two double beds; the downstairs bedroom sleeps two in single beds.
gardenia plants are prized for the strong sweet scent of their flowers , which can be very large in size in some species .
and they evoke violent sectarian rivalries in iraq and pakistan, where animosity between sunni and shia runs deep.
we finally got sunshine after days of rain .
the teacher said, "don't worry.
the swiss federal office of justice said of the latest arrests: “they are being held in custody pending their extradition.
geography as a discipline can be split broadly into two main subsidiary fields : human geography and physical geography .
more than 80 of the plane's 291 passengers are named as plaintiffs in the lawsuit.
in order to avoid the paradoxes and put it on a firm footing, set theory had to be axiomatized.
“you can’t be a global competitive city if you don’t have a robust transportation network.” here are three of the key trends that experts predict will shape the transportation industry over the coming years.
the country has a total area of , of which 27,560 km2 is land and 190 km2 is water .
4), john mackie (1982: chap.
most of the deaths came in damascus, the lcc said.
however , centralization of collectors ' organisations and periodicals was wanted : by 1924 , these local magazines eventually closed down .
the battle was the first naval battle in history in which the ships never saw or fired directly at each other .
when he looked down, all he could see was his big fat belly.
did you hear about joseph and michelle?
and he builds a unique philosophical construction, whose premises are often left unstated and which is not always argued clearly, but which develops in distinct stages over the course of his brief lifetime.
a developed country , canada has the sixteenth - highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the twelfth-highest ranking in the human development index .
no one had money .
reuters has been unable to contact the junta for comment on the protests and state television has not mentioned them.
germany is a constitutional federal democracy .
carol felt tired.
the disease was first reported in january 2007 in some new york caves .
but there are fears this carefully preserved legacy could be under threat from groups of armed rebels who have overrun the ancient city this month, in the vacuum left by retreating malian government forces.
what is now known as postcolonial theory further heightened the debate between feminists who wanted to identify a universal feminist subject of woman (e.g.
the eraser was small and round and pink.
the flattened bodies of stingrays allow them to effectively conceal themselves in their environments .
he looked dirty.
the movement is in sonata form .
the second phase of the project was refused planning consent in 2014 due to concerns over the impact on sea birds .
only the doctor can save don's life.
mother looked unhappy and had her arms folded across her chest .
she sold each class note set for $5.
a unique feature at a water park is ice skating .
she turned on the hot water.
she added a tablespoon of lemon juice .
﻿up to a billion people will remain in extreme poverty by 2030 unless countries focus on inequalities and confront social, economic and cultural forces that block their escape or pull them back into impoverishment, a major report warns.
the organization offers services and development programs .
many solids react vigorously with reactive gas species like chlorine , iodine , oxygen etc .
the americans are training the iraqi military .
it's just on the takeoff.
not sure how long i'll be ok, lmk when you find a place i might get something to eat tho of course!
she grabbed her umbrella.
pasadena was the home of the rose parade.
some people keep them as a pet .
i left my wallet in my other pants .
then why are your marks in science so low?
to anyone who commits what the government deems an infraction, the punishment is inconceivably harsh.
i liked what obama said about how we need to take care of the young , old and sick in our society .
in recent times , tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a predetermined list .
i am of ethiopian origin; i’ve been eating injera all my life.” growing demand for so-called ancient grains has not always been a straightforward win for poor communities.
these were the words most infamously abused by a headline in the sun newspaper, above stories which we now know, in extraordinarily shocking detail, were fed by the south yorkshire police to deflect their own culpability for the disaster on to the innocent victims.
the socialist opposition in madrid attacked the proposal, and galindo said it discriminated against migrant workers who flocked to spain during the boom years, many of them from morocco, whose coastline is just 14km away and can be seen from tarifa.
following the decision to withdraw tram services in london and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 april 1952 .
on may 15 , 2006 , it was announced that the station is to be redeveloped .
the sun is not big.
the town holds a festival in may .
the discovery of the h5 histone appears to date back to the 1970s , and it is now considered an isoform of histone h1 .
distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems .
a triple flat can be found , but it is very rare .
after the rinse cycle , the machine begins the extraction process , which recovers the solvent for reuse .
someone who believes that equality of some sort is a component of justice, and morally required as such, would be a non-instrumental egalitarian.
introduction one of the primary goals of the field of artificial intelligence (ai) is to produce fully autonomous agents that interact with their environments to learn optimal behaviours, improving over time through trial and error.
i know, dear, but it is bedtime.
the first approved domain names should be in use before the end of 2013.
this place is so cool.
as they did so, relevant memory-encoding brain cells were producing the channelrhodopsin protein.
may i go to the bathroom?
the islands are a popular destination for tourists .
they also believe it should be available for medical use, which 18 states and the district of columbia now allow; and about half think it should be legally regulated more or less like alcohol, as colorado and washington are doing.
they were on top of his head.
the ruined walls of an observatory are also on the summit .
such effusive praise from a frequent obama critic and strong supporter of republican presidential challenger mitt romney put the campaign magnifying glass on a key election issue -- the role of the federal government -- a week before the november 6 vote.
there are a wide variety of symptoms that have been found to be associated with sensory overload .
these councils bring together an eclectic mix of the most active local coordinating committees, independent activists, community and business leaders and military defectors.
accordingly, he asked regius to correct the thesis that the human soul is three-fold, and to argue instead that “in human beings the soul is one, namely a rational soul” (at iii, 369–74: bos 2002, 63–69).
a slightly different explanation focuses on the loss of the essential while holding on to what is not essential .
in the united states and canada , digital clocks and computers usually show 12 a. m. right at midnight .
she felt an uncomfortable pain in her leg .
in the past , non-photosynthetic plants were mistakenly thought to get food by breaking down organic matter in a manner similar to saprotrophic fungi .
b: that sounds like fun!
large amounts of food waste can occur at any stage in the process of producing food .
i'm sure everyone feels happier about the new system now.
according to a recent study from the ucla’s institute of transportation studies, vehicle travel has declined among millennials – individuals born roughly between the early 1980s and early 2000s – compared to previous generations.
every morning he had fresh red spots on his face.
we learned how to predict typhoons .
there are various modifications that can be implemented atop the fundamentals of the battle royale .
there are about 150 plant species on the island , along with 80 types of insects .
the first step involves light opening the ring of 7 - dehydrocholesterol to form pre vitamin d3 .
he died , aged 80 , on 22 july 2014 .
as of early 2017 , there are 131 species assigned to this genus , including the species listed below .
one notable thing of japanese mythology is that it explains the origin of the imperial family , and assigned them divinity .
m82 has undergone at least one tidal encounter with m81 resulting in a large amount of gas being funneled into the galaxy 's core over the last 200 myr .
until the 1990s , there was little historical analysis of the events because of official censorship and lack of academic interest .
his head was higher than his feet.
cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years .
is something wrong?
the herschel space observatory provided unprecedented sensitivity as well as spatial and spectral resolution to study water.
growing opium poppy and drug trafficking are important to the political and economic situation of afghanistan .
“we realize we have much work ahead of us to recover more of our attendance base, increase revenue and improve our performance, as returning to historical performance levels will take time and investment,” manby said.
pinnipeds spend many months at a time at sea , so they must sleep in the water .
he had to take the dog for a walk.
land snails are an especially important food item when drought or hard weather makes it hard to find other food .
he didn't want to go to his room.
with the end of the war , jack returns home to a hero 's welcome .
i ca n't tell you how sorry i am .
historically , insects have been the most significant herbivores , and the evolution of land plants is closely associated with the evolution of insects .
these threats and vulnerabilities are unpredicted and they are outside the capability of the farming households, subsequently, the farmers can just cope with them.
seals were used in the earliest civilizations and are of considerable importance in archaeology and art history .
u.s. sanctions against venezuela and declining oilfields in mexico have kept oil output from latin america sluggish.
today , the local economy is largely commercial and manufacturing , with the largest employer being a clothing manufacturer .
that sounds interesting.
the tits are active , noisy , social birds .
bananas have been the most popular fruit in the uk since 1996, reaching 221g per adult per week in 2014, well above apples (131g) and oranges (48g).
there is also a lieutenant - governor and an administrator .
bald eagles are sexually mature at four or five years of age .
once a person gets the dengue virus from a mosquito , the virus attaches to and enters the person 's white blood cells .
most crucial, said chapron, has been the eu habitats directive, which has compelled member states to protect and revive rare species.
it can also help reduce carbon emissions and traffic congestion and allow more people access to cars.
today twelve volumes including more than 4170 items and more than 4000 illustrations and photographs can be retrieved by the user .
the common cuckoo is an obligate brood parasite ; it lays its eggs in the nests of other birds .
i know what you're like when you're hungry!
synapsids are characterized by having differentiated teeth .
my vegetarian friend enjoys eating vegetarian hamburgers .
we could admit an infinite regress of causes if we had evidence for such, but lacking such evidence, god must exist as the non-dependent cause.
if i wanted more , i could ask .
the region has steep , glacier - carved mountains , glens and interspersed plains .
the movie won two of its eight nominations .
zinc sulfate can be made by reacting zinc or zinc oxide with sulfuric acid .
the diving had 136 athletes representing 25 countries .
for example, consider a case in which we possess a certain drug, but only enough to either cure one person suffering from a fatal condition, or to save five others who are suffering from a milder, though still fatal case of the same illness.
“for years, people have been wondering how the different strands would play out.
by lunchtime, all the major us markets were down over 300 points.
it is estimated that approximately half of all proteins contain a metal .
i have been writing sentences for millions of years .
the peanuts were still in their shells.
deep neural networks have also become the preferred choice to solve many challenging tasks in speech recognition [7] and natural language understanding [8].
the church was destroyed by a fire on 12 november 2001 .
they want to see the sun.
there were dolls from mexico.
there seems to be a two phase process .
there are three main types of chocolate : white chocolate , milk chocolate , and dark chocolate .
he liked the drawings.
the police car turned on its siren.
she rubbed her hands together.
jenna was at the airport.
due to code sharing , a flight may be represented by a series of different flight numbers .
blood or urine tests measure hcg .
the service sector constitutes most of the local economy .
do n't worry , he knows exactly what he is doing .
despite their extreme luminosity , many of these stars are too distant to be observed with the naked eye .
mycorrhizal plants are often more resistant to diseases , such as those caused by microbial soil- borne pathogens .
﻿cities don’t often decide to pack their bags, get up and move down the road.
"do you feel better now?"
well, at least to check out the weather.
i'm making lemonade.
professional straight rail in the united states was only seen for six years , from 1873 to 1879 .
everything here in this store costs as little as a dollar .
the house has two bedrooms.
if anything, you should say sorry.
one man more interested than most in what president barack obama will have to say in his address to the nation wednesday night is al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri.
courses yes, we have places on all our august courses.
urinary tract symptoms are frequently lacking in the elderly .
businessmen do n't take their cellphones to china anymore .
while there are many alternative treatments used for the common cold , there is not enough scientific evidence to support the use of most treatments .
new evidence based on accurate optically stimulated luminescence and uranium - thorium dating of megafaunal remains suggests that humans were the ultimate cause of the extinction of megafauna in australia .
a special christmas family meal is traditionally an important part of the holiday 's celebration , and the food that is served varies greatly from country to country .
the metadata from two others suggested one had multiple sclerosis and the other had just become pregnant.
"why is the door locked?"
regards, simona from: susan colworth, city language school to: simona reggia subject: re: courses in august attachment: accommodation_info.pdf dear simona, thank you for your interest in our courses.
can you come back tomorrow?
thatcher, who was 87, had been in declining health for some years, suffering from dementia.
we are also running hundreds of billions of dollarsworth of trade deficits with them, as we continue to import their junk with the lead paint on them and the poisoned pet food and export, you know, jobs to places where you can pay workers a dollar a month to turn out the stuff that we 're buying from wal-mart.
immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors proceeded to the castra praetoria , the camp of the praetorian guard .
some people think this is because of paranormal or extraterrestrial beings .
the parathyroid glands are two pairs of glands usually positioned behind the left and right lobes of the thyroid .
so much for a library that services the public.
abroad, they are cartoonish figures, whose behavior can leave diplomats and strategists scratching their heads.
the land battle took place over about 81 days beginning on 1 april 1945 .
she ate vegetables sometimes.
known as one billion rising for justice , the event was held on february 2014 .
he would be happy if i went too .
if you really love me, you will kill me."
the theory has been criticized and modified over the course of time .
pseudogenes are generally thought of as the last stop for genomic material that is to be removed from the genome , so they are often labeled as junk dna .
in 1984 he decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 june 1984 .
it was sunny but now it is cloudy .
the main difficulty in the use of natural gas is transportation .
she closed her eyes.
there was a scratch on her favorite bracelet .
the class are numbered 7201 - 7440 .
the washer had dials on it.
from switzerland, we learned how we can recycle and reuse old clothes and shoes more effectively in a recycle system currently deployed in over 60 countries.
the series takes place in the year 2517 , on several planets and moons .
william even thought about proposing to linda to see if she would stay, but he knew that she would not change her mind.
although it is by no means certain that the bones found at the tower centuries later are theirs, there may be more dna detective work to be done there.
in the c programming language ,
the city had to condemn the properties to acquire the land for park , and won its case in 1895 .
organizers say that almost half of all the rubbish left on site was recycled in 2013 and add that there will be 15,000 bins for recycling across the festival grounds in 2014.
nonetheless, regulators in britain and australia are reviewing or tightening rules around the industry.
he wanted to repair the hole.
she has blue eyes.
is football just english?
it was summer.
one method , more obscure than most , is to alternate direction when rounding a number with 0.5 fractional part .
he said that was a good idea.
i should be asking you that.
lulu's mom gave lulu a pencil.
pepsin was one of the first enzymes to be discovered , and is polypeptidic in nature .
i 'll meet you at the hockey rink .
ammonium nitrate is not hazardous to health and is usually used in fertilizer products .
three key rearrangement reactions are 1,2 - rearrangements , pericyclic reactions and olefin metathesis .
okay, ms. thomas.
16:09 see you there at 5.45!
joe owed him $100.
the song received generally positive reviews from music critics .
the heated air feels great in winter .
they put forward a trio of policies, all of which require massive global investment.
he will die soon.
but other sunni militants -- especially factions among the pakistani taliban -- have established a presence in some afghan border provinces.
the fifth generation ipod touch currently runs ios 7 , which was released on september 18 , 2013 .
scotland is the joint oldest national football team in the world , alongside england , whom they played in the world 's first international football match in 1872 .
under the 1992 constitution , the president is limited to a single five -year term .
a schismatic is a person who creates schism in an organization or who is a member of a splinter group .
he was talking on the phone.
i'm taking you to jail."
as a result of the increased demand and tightening restrictions on exports of the metals from china , some countries are stockpiling rare- earth resources .
one of the areas in valdevaqueros is home to two species of bat whose survival is threatened.
she wanted to go to big bear lake.
why are you taking so long?
the telescope is unique because it will use seven mirror sections , each 8.4 m in diameter .
elliptical galaxies range in shape from nearly spherical to nearly flat , and in size from hundreds of millions to over one trillion stars .
but the former view does not entail the latter unless further premises are added.
the park was created on 12 june 1981 .
scholars have proposed multiple hypotheses about when , where , and by whom pie was spoken .
this table lists every number that was once the largest known prime number .
what i saw was an opportunity to change my life for the better , so i took it .
there were many stray cats along the road .
it was made in japan .
groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an outside study in english .
the greatest predators of this species are birds of prey , such as falcons and hawks .
the wind blows almost every day.
in recent times, the philosophical focus has moved more in the direction of “liberal nationalism”, the view that mitigates the classical claims and tries to bring together the pro-national attitude and the respect for traditional liberal values.
hurricanes can do terrible damage .
they controlled the mother thread of life of every mortal from birth to death .
the shrub reaches 1.5 m by 1.5 m. its flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by insects .
the shutdown is estimated to have cost the us $24bn, according to the ratings agency standard & poor’s.
nick was old and sick.
plasma screens are made out of glass , which may result in glare on the screen from nearby light sources .
the pigs were kept in a small pen .
many species of chaetotonid gastrotrichs reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis .
“the costs are huge – unnecessary actions for some and not enough action for those whose lives depend on it.” experts fear that restaurants and caterers are seeing so many people claiming they have allergies (which can be dangerous for the individual), when in fact they have a food intolerance (which is not), that they may not take all the precautions they should when serving a person who has a genuine allergy.
they do not hibernate , but are capable of entering torpor .
maple syrup is made from reduced sugar maple xylem sap .
a belt of lowland tropical moist broadleaf forests , runs across most of equatorial africa .
the use of ozone in dental treatment is the result of this dynamics and growth.
they might not be facing immediate extinction but a decline in their numbers will affect us all.
the date 27 april is now a public holidays in south africa .
too much alcohol prevents you from thinking properly .
the award categories have varied over the years .
the spines , long and sharp in some species , protect the urchin from predators .
then he ate all the apples.
traditionally , the sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries and its coral reefs and islands are popular tourist destinations .
if it went by express mail , they should have it by now .
after english class she walks over to the pool.
although its surface circulation had dissipated , its circulation aloft remained intact and led to a burst of rainfall early on august 20 .
the library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials dedicated to the history , study and practice of chess .
but “care” is used in feminist ethics to refer to slightly different things (collins 2015).
later during the 20th century , the concept of pteridosperms was expanded to include various mesozoic groups of seed plants with fern-like fronds .
the present review article describes the future of dentistry and possible different treatment modalities in the future including nanodentistry, ozone therapy and tissue engineering.
flannel , flannelette and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave .
the shrinking generator takes a different approach .
at age ten he was traveling , had boyfriends and wanted to be an actress .
in 2012 women held 16.6 % of fortune 500 board seats.
roads and railways have been built through passes .
shall i go now ?
substance misuse is the second most common risk factor for suicide after major depression and bipolar disorder .
the character has appeared in various adaptations of the comics .
one's back is found on the opposite side of the stomach, and is a flat section of the body that contains important muscles that're intended to protect the lungs and other internal organs, in addition to helping humans perform certain motions and actions.
when you arrive, please go to the reception on the 26th floor and ask for me.
in october, sunni militants killed dozens more hazara.
in the united states , teasel is an invasive species .
the rebels announced friday they had written u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon, requesting an investigation and demanding that any individuals found to be involved in the deployment of chemical weapons in syria be held accountable for these crimes.
it seems clear that quantum mechanics is fundamentally about atoms and electrons, quarks and strings, not those particular macroscopic regularities associated with what we call measurements of the properties of these things.
so pick the one you like best."
looks like i'm the first one here so … hi to everyone who joins the course and nice to meet you!
how long ago did it happen ?
football is the most popular sport in costa rica .
but this could change: the goal is to produce enough teff for domestic consumption and a strong export market, according to the government’s strategy.
criminologists from around the world have been travelling to switzerland over the past few years to see the development of the new method for themselves.
thus, in direct opposition to a moralistic theory of politics, machiavelli says that the only real concern of the political ruler is the acquisition and maintenance of power (although he talks less about power per se than about “maintaining the state”.)
the finding that 41 of the 96 who died could possibly have been saved had the police and ambulance service done their jobs decently is damning of those bodies and, aspinall said, difficult for the families to contemplate.
she does n't want this one .
i actually don't know.
deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids .
even among adults, television is becoming less important.
hi, i'm here to apply for a library card.
perhaps the best way to individuate the ethics of care is as a strand of ethics concerned with the meeting of the needs of others within personal relationships (tronto 1993).
he called up his friend.
i'm sorry for your loss.
so many high school graduates do n't know what they want to study at university .
she fidgeted with her ear .
he said, "no, i didn't.
you should tell her to take a shower.
“we’re going to see these systems packaged together and make it as easy as possible to connect them up with each other so people can transfer seamlessly between them,” she said.
this new film, because it’s going back to han solo and luke skywalker, looks as though it will reconnect with the original star wars in a way that the prequels failed to.” rosser is referring to the three films lucas directed between 1999 and 2005 – the phantom menace, attack of the clones and revenge of the sith – which chronicled the life of luke skywalker’s father, anakin, who transforms into darth vader.
the start of the season was unpredictable , with seven different drivers winning the first seven races of the championship ; a record for the series .
at a far smaller rally in brasilia, demonstrators broke through police lines to enter the high-security area of the national congress.
she loves getting a massage .
a test tube with a stopper is often used for temporary storage of chemical or biological samples .
her brother picked up a worm .
matos died on 8 june 2019 .
it's not your fault.
high - rise buildings are made to sway during earthquakes .
the great white shark has no natural predators other than the killer whale .
fluids can contain suspended solid matter consisting of particles of many different sizes .
this movie got mixed reviews .
it is prepared by the reaction of hydrogen peroxide and lithium hydroxide .
making a stop-motion animation using clay is hard work .
in one experiment , lavoisier observed that there was no overall increase in weight when tin and air were heated in a closed container .
the united states revoked his citizenship in 2005 after the criminal division of the u.s. department of justice sought to denaturalize him.
by the end of the year french armies had won victories on all fronts , and as the year closed they began advancing into the netherlands .
but his work on the failed immigration bill notwithstanding, rubio has a significant lack of accomplishments to show for his five years in the senate.
she helped andrew learn to spell.
the eleven municipalities have special status equal to the raions .
he died on 17 january 2018 from hypothermia , four days after his 52nd birthday .
horse races are taking place on thursday .
mayor phil brown wrote that arpaio's sweeps show a pattern and practice of conduct that includes discriminatory harassment, improper stops, searches and arrests.
we must keep on going .
theaters is the number of theaters in which the movie is being shown .
unlike architectural design , where a specific performance level is the main goal , microarchitectural design pays closer attention to other constraints .
there was a girl killed here yesterday .
our leaders have to reach across the aisle to do the people’s work.” he continued: “this is a time for great challenges for america and i pray the president will be successful in guiding our nation.” the campaign almost throughout has been a referendum on obama.
global markets remained hopeful after democrats pushed ahead on wednesday with a manoeuvre to pass u.s. president joe biden’s $1.9 trillion covid-19 relief package without republican support.
the history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilizations .
the argument between liam and his brother was ridiculous , and they never reached a conclusion .
he turned off the dining room light.
sexual reproduction is a process specific to eukaryotes , organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and mitochondria .
do you think that adam will be able to walk again ?
he noted repeatedly that he is not a separatist.
several volunteers jumped into the water to try to save the drowning man .
some trends suggest that british people are becoming more prudent in what they put on their plates, with the average consumption of fruit, both fresh and processed, increasing by 50% since 1974.
this law does not allow the targeting of any us citizen or of any person located within the united states.
first, it assumes that an account of ethics and politics in the republic requires a preliminary understanding of the question socrates is facing and the strategy socrates uses to answer the question.
japanese television stations carried images of landslides that had cut off roads and railroads, as well as flattened houses and warped highways.
he eats a light breakfast, a light lunch, and a light dinner.
the tourists had no idea about where to stay .
it has a blue blouse.
the baby birds were waiting for mama bird.
maybe you don't know how to look for good books.
maybe his pillow was the problem.
after going to a few writers ' meetings , she began writing short stories .
car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another .
where could he go?
the contemporary priesthood can trace its immediate origins to the first half of the 19th century .
his teacher told him about the animals on a farm.
the scary movie had many scenes that made me jump .
they walked home from school in the afternoon.
there were 60 tornadoes reported in the united states in november , of which 46 were confirmed .
are you saying it's my turn now?
his parents told him to keep the door closed.
… for the supposition which we are making here is of a conviction so firm that it is quite incapable of being destroyed; and such a conviction is clearly the same as the most perfect certainty.
the longsword is characterized not so much by a longer blade , but by a longer grip , which indicates a weapon designed for two -handed use .
fresh fish with lemon butter is my favorite dish .
the parish is entirely rural in character , the northeast being moorland and the southwest lower lying farmland .
but his right-wing voter base has stayed loyal.
the hole reached 12262 m in 1989 .
characteristic features are a very long filiform tail , reduced eyes , and a low number of pectoral - fin radials .
some people called it swine flu.
her computer would not allow us to access her files without a password .
animal protein-rich food consumes five to ten times more water than a vegetarian diet.
the report by the chronic poverty advisory network (cpan) asserts that many people may rise above the poverty line of $1.25 a day, only to tumble back when they are hit by a combination or sequence of shocks such as drought, illness and insecurity or conflict.
hey, what is your name?
the iphone 5c uses most of the same hardware as the iphone 5 , with some minor changes .
instead, protesters seek meaningful self-rule while remaining a part of china, he added.
population is based on the 2002 census .
at the 2009 census , the commune had a population of 677 .
one of the major criticisms of this law is the confusion caused when some states recognize a new entity , but other states do not .
sedimentary rocks cover up to 75 % of the earth 's surface , record much of the earth 's history , and harbor the fossil record .
in more recent years , many projects have attempted to bridge the gap in our knowledge caused by the zone of avoidance .
when sir geoffrey howe, nominally her deputy, finally fell out with thatcher – chiefly over europe – his devastating resignation speech triggered a leadership challenge.
how about we choose when we get there?
the move is the first of its kind in the history of un drug-control treaties and has sparked concerns that other countries may apply for amendments.
my brother is my favorite sibling .
they were the sons and daughters of other people.
in the 1930 season , the league changed the passing rules , effectively eliminating offsides .
the optimal fluid for preparing oral rehydration solution is clean water .
because it is necessary for the creation of persons, care ethicists have claimed that care is more basic to morality than rights and duties, since in its absence most rights are useless.
after mentioning different options for understanding the nature of such “creation”, it explores some of the values he promotes.
but ochre beach was an anomaly.
there will be more options for you to choose from if you are open-minded .
intuitively, it seems permissible to turn the trolley to hit and kill one person, but the problem is that it does not seem permissible to kill one to save five in cases like rescue ii.
but in the inland areas more than half of the population was serbo- croatian speaking , after the first years of the 18th century .
farren died of cancer on 3 february 2016 .
in cricket , a batsman 's average is the total number of runs he has scored divided by the number of times he has been got out .
if we had gone to class today , we would not have so much more work to do .
he asked his teacher how to spell "myself."
but lewis says the former counterfactual, which he calls a backtracking counterfactual, is not to be used in the assessment of causal dependence.
some banks are forecasting the united states, which leads with the number of covid-19 cases, to reach herd immunity by july, which would greatly stimulate oil demand, said jean-louis le mee, head of london-based hedge fund westbeck capital management, which is long a mix of oil futures and equities.
a rational fraction is an algebraic fraction where the top and the bottom are polynomials .
can i ask you a question?
i go to college in new york.
blankets may also be used on the ground for a picnic or other places where people want to sit without their clothing getting dirty or wet .
the shield is supported by two wood -cutters of different races .
peat forms when plant material does not fully decay in acidic and anaerobic conditions .
i love my family very much.
as part of the regeneration , the transport links to ravenscraig will be greatly improved .
by comparison, rubio seems cautious and ill-suited to the task of rousing republican voters.
in 1883 he was appointed general admiral .
cryptobranchids are large , fat salamanders , with folds of skin along their flanks .
if they had gone north , we could have followed them .
he died , aged 80 on 23 july , 2014 .
her leg was broken in the crash .
the crease in his newly ironed pants was as sharp as a razor 's edge .
stretching is usually done a little bit at a time , so the pierced hole would not bleed or get infected .
cnn reported monday on the heart-rending story of emily bauer, a teenager from houston, who suffered a debilitating stroke after consuming what has come to be known as synthetic marijuana.
she is an fbi agent .
the work would have been easier if you had been here to help me .
the disaster hit at a time when the economy was already weak .
she wanted to have energy again.
these are the newest types of exams .
unemployment among a large portion of the population is part of the reason for crime .
saul kripke proposed that “the standard meter stick, s, in paris is a meter long at t 0 ” is such an example (kripke 1972: 274–275).
making use of dyes he was able to find a structure which he named chromatin .
we 'll lend you what we have .
usually , sex is determined by an organism 's genes .
trass died on 14 february 2017 , aged 88 .
the bridge is 2109 m long .
in 2011 the statue was vandalized three times , being splashed with red paint .
the faa should require aircraft owners to disclose the presence of explosive safety devices when they register their aircraft every three years.
according to its redshift , the quasar is about 8 billion light years from earth , while the lensing galaxy is only 400 million light years away .
this is tech support, how may i help you?
the university has a logo showing a white sunrise on a green earth referring to the sustainable development , major theme of the university .
weight training is a safe form of exercise when the movements are controlled and carefully defined .
a regulatory source said that the investment banking boom had provided welcome relief for deutsche, but although it is on a firmer footing than a year ago its overall business strength still lags competitors in the european banking industry.
one point of access to anderson’s work for contemporary students, of course, lies in the work of his students such as d. m. armstrong, john passmore, and j. l. mackie.
the city was first incorporated in 1872 , but the charter was ed as illegal .
she gives the example of wicked merchants who knowingly sell poisoned oil: their intention is not to harm their customers, but only to turn a profit, yet they are clearly initiating a harmful causal sequence.
florence was, in effect, the savior of the italian people.
i will get you another mirror."
chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga told reporters tuesday that the country's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the world's strictest safety standards.
the trematodes or flukes include 18,000 to 24,000 species , divided into two subclasses .
as in the previous work [10], we adopt a simplified model of a freely falling spherical surface and assume that the radiation is originally monochromatic.
he eats rice and vegetables for dinner.
if the claim was expressed in the language lm used by mathematicians, then nominalists could accept the claim while still denying that there are mathematical objects, contrary to the purpose of the claim.
he took the sheet off the bed.
i threw the ball across the gym .
he corrected what he believed was a mistake .
there are a wide range of giant-class stars and several subdivisions are commonly used to identify smaller groups of stars .
each fruit has one seed .
even aqap -- the most effective of the group's affiliates -- has expressed solidarity with isis fighters, condemning what it calls the declaration of war by the united states on muslims in iraq, and calling on all islamic groups to support their brothers by afflicting america.
such near misses and any operational errors are calls to action, rep. john l. mica, r-florida, said after the tuesday incident.
the common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short shuffling jumps involving all four legs .
dentists (mouth/teeth doctors), dermatologists (skin doctors), and psychiatrists (mental-health doctors) are just a few examples of the many different types of doctors.
i wish i could have finished it .
how does it go, michelle?
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to get rid of stuttering but to change it so that stuttering is easier and less stressful .
road density is 3.83 kilometer per square kilometer of land .
statistically speaking , cable- borne elevators are extremely safe .
brian sat down for dinner.
her brother had $10,000.
there has been a lot of scepticism in the scientific and legal communities about its reliability.
there are other theorems for which a proof is known , but it cannot easily be written down .
he told her he didn't have to do anything.
the bank is dealing with the topic, but has no concrete plans, the person said.
in short, teachers help their students to become qualified for their future careers.
it is theft, as surely as reaching into someone’s pocket and taking their wallet is theft.” his article comes after music industry leaders met british prime minister david cameron in downing street, where the issue of web piracy was discussed.
for instance, the bylaws of a club lay down duties for its officers and enforce them with sanctions.
sitting for too long is a bad idea .
the water was cool.
strategic bombing was important in world war ii .
another participant made frequent calls to a local gun supplier that specialized in semi- automatic rifles and later placed a number of long calls to the customer support hotline run by a major gun manufacturer that produced the rifles.
he utilized his journeys , traveling on foot , so as to add to his knowledge of the earth 's structure .
his teacher answered everyone's questions.
a weekly magazine was included in the sunday paper .
killer whales are the largest extant members of the dolphin family .
what do you have?
the trematodes or flukes are estimated to include 18,000 to 24,000 species
many game artists are called upon to develop graphical treatments for the environments and elements in which role - playing games take place .
additionally, smaller gifts may be placed inside a stocking, or a sock-shaped, holiday-specific piece of fabric that's generally hung on the mantle of a fireplace (homes without fireplaces might use the wall).
some reviewers were critical towards certain aspects of the game .
in 1984 , when he was about 25 , he finally came into contact people from outside his family .
wal-mart has everything for sale.
what guy, dorothy?
climate change, declining numbers of animals, rising numbers of humans and the rapid rate of species extinction mean a growing number of scientists now declare us to be in the anthropocene – the geological age of extinction when humans finally dominate the ecosystems.
we also discuss tidal stripping as a formation scenario for ngc1052-df2, an ultra diffuse galaxy significantly lacking dm, and find that its expected dm mass could be consistent with observational constraints if its progenitor was accreted early enough, 𝑧 > ∼ 1.5, although it should still be a relatively rare object.
investigation of intensional verbs has focussed mainly on verbs used to make propositional attitude reports.
this is the smallest region in italy with an area of 3260.9 km2 , and a population of about 126,883 .
you should check out more books.
she saved people's lives," said the fox.
this conception of the relationship between certainty and doubt helps underwrite descartes’ methodical emphasis on doubt, the so-called ‘method of doubt’ (discussed in section 2).
librarians all over the world use this unique identifier in the process of cataloging most books which have been published in the united states .
for images, such perturbations are often too small to be perceptible, yet they completely fool the deep learning models.
he looked old.
he had the comics section of the newspaper.
these spots are often followed within a few days or weeks by a much greater leakage of blood , which blurs the vision .
mine started to reach out, asking me to lunch and reassuring me that the world hadn’t moved on that much since i’d left.” office chit-chat may seem like a waste of time, but it helps to cushion us from the emotional and psychological effects of work strain.
she will go to college in september.
despite german attacks , the town held .
i don't have my account number with me, but my phone number is 310-865-9274.
the boeing 777 operated by asiana fell short of its approach and crashed on the runway at san francisco international airport.
thermal resistivity is the opposite of thermal conductivity .
the leaves reputedly provide energy and are said to have medicinal qualities.
prisons didn't use to have any beds.
all the drawings were black and white.
bull sharks are viviparous , meaning that they give live birth .
linear regression was the first type of regression analysis to be studied rigorously , and to be used extensively in practical applications .
even though later astronomers tried to find it again , it has not been reliably seen since .
chicken parmigiana is also a common dish in australia and is often served with a side of chips or salad .
the first stage is descriptive and requires the systematic collection of all the available evidence relevant to whatever is under scrutiny.
a significant issue with standard candles is the question of how standard they are .
in 2005 , a poll of 2,000 people revealed the pepper to be britain 's fourth - favorite culinary vegetable .
i heard that your brother is in the hospital.
the sound of the rushing water in the river was soothing .
this was the first time that the federal government provided money for a structure dedicated to the performing arts .
it is an opportunity, say the architects, for kiruna to “reinvent itself” into a model of sustainable development, attracting young people who wouldn’t have stayed in the town before, with new cultural facilities and “visionary” things such as a cable car bobbing above the high street.
it was a hot day.
she said to come with her.
i know a girl who is smart and funny .
the cat was black and white.
gum arabic is a complex mixture of glycoproteins and polysaccharides predominantly consisting of arabinose and galactose .
analysts had expected a loss of about 300 million euros for 2020.
the same terminology is sometimes used for functions that yield real , or other signed values .
detectors designed for modern accelerators are very big .
the use of complementary colors is an important aspect of aesthetically pleasing art and graphic design .
after they became friends sartre spoke publicly of his friend’s “philosophy of the absurd,” which he distinguished from his own thought for which he accepted the “existentialist” label that camus rejected.
only after the death of his mother in 1663 , he really assumed power .
he ran around the park .
even if the disks and cassettes are in good condition, the equipment needed to run them is now mostly found only in museums.
scottish explorer gordon laing survived an attack by tuareg nomads en route to timbuktu, only to discover on arrival that its wealth had greatly diminished since its heyday.
authorities, who did not have access to tranquilizer guns, killed two wolves, six black bears, two grizzly bears, nine male lions, eight female lions, three mountain lions and 18 bengal tigers.
california’s dream of farming the desert made sense while its total population remained around half a million (in 1870) – but, now, the state is home to 38 million people, who, between them, own 32 million vehicles and expect to be surrounded by lawns and golf courses.
his court-ordered removal from the united states to austria is another milestone in the government's long-running effort to ensure that individuals who participated in crimes against humanity do not find sanctuary in this country, glavin said.
the vibrant colors of the coat of arms are to point to a bright future for the islands .
it is always fresh.
but he liked the comics.
likewise, the californian resort of rancho mirage, near palm springs, may have to be abandoned in the next decade.
as with the early 20th century airmail routes that helped stimulate aviation, nasa's commercial programs are now the anchor tenants in the government transfer of space services to the private sector.
tor is an inches tall man who can not fall asleep no matter what he tries .
did you try to get a new roommate?
"this is a beautiful house," she said.
black helped increase basic scientific and clinical knowledge in cardiology .
pass first and then shoot the ball .
thrust and specific impulse should not be confused .
the turtle is slow.
did it cost a lot?
meps decided e-cigarettes should only be regulated as medical products if manufacturers claimed they could prevent tobacco smoking – a decision criticized by the government’s main medicines regulator.
mitig, a businessman from the city of misrata, was chosen to form a cabinet earlier this month in a disputed vote pushed through by the islamist blocs.
he followed her movements like an eagle .
its name was announced as thrym in iau circular 8177 .
it is easily produced by igniting a mixture of zinc and sulfur .
the report calls for a shift in thinking about poverty to focus on the chronically poor – those who are poor for many years or their entire lives – and for more emphasis on stopping impoverishment, the descent into poverty.
sometimes they visit me in new york.
antidisestablishmentarianism is one of the longest words in the english language .
he was too old to work.
and you can learn there.
a school must remove the athlete from that activity and not allow him or her to resume until clearance is given by a health care provider.
i have n't changed anything .
it is tempting, at least for modern individuals, to say that she has an ‘unhealthy’ relationship with her family, but it would seem odd to say that she was alienated from it.
holland died of complications of cardiovascular disease on december 24 , 2017 , at the age of 89 .
you may need to adjust your schedule so you can find a balance between academics and leisure time .
many traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without resorting to mechanical fasteners or adhesives .
scientists using the new method said that relatives of the dead, who are often reluctant for autopsies to be carried out because of the disfigurement they cause, were much keener on the non-invasive method.
5–6; it has sometimes been claimed that this view gives rise to the conceptual problem of other minds, see wittgenstein 1958: §302; mcginn 1984; avramides 2001: part ii).
a series is the sum of all the terms of a sequence .
she used to eat beef.
variations of valentine's day are celebrated across the globe throughout the year.
barium bromide can be made by reacting barium carbonate with hydrobromic acid .
we need to read english.
the french were the first europeans to live in canada permanently .
and hillary clinton has done just that: on tuesday the former secretary of state reportedly told a private fund-raising party that russian president vladimir putin's actions are similar to hitler's in the run up to world war ii.
we have a new son."
the toy is in the box.
inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to lower the amount of voltage an electrical device gives off or lower the fault current .
you can have a new pirate for 14 more years."
ambush predators or sit-and - wait predators are carnivorous animals or other organisms , such as some carnivorous plants .
did pat have a small load, a medium load, or a large load?
not only did the division into nomes remain in place for more than three millennia , the areas of the individual nomes and their ordering remained remarkably stable .
his career began as a health and fitness specialist .
unlike after his election in 2008, the president is unlikely to be given a honeymoon period.
(reporting by shreyashi sanyal in bengaluru; editing by shounak dasgupta, david gregorio)
my father cleaned the fish when we came home .
basic modifications are simple .
call and response singing is common in modern western popular music .
appearing for the first time before the media since taking the role in september 2015, when blatter was suspended, hayatou responded in a similar way to his predecessors in improbably claiming the current crisis was down to a handful of errant individuals.
hi jon i'm just writing to say well done on your presentation this morning.
we review the works that design adversarial attacks, analyze the existence of such attacks and propose defenses against them.
she could see the street.
“we will need a new recipe to feed the world in the future,” said the report’s editor, anders jägerskog.
the game ends when a player has no more tiles , and there are no more tiles in the bag .
yes, because that means he pitched really well.
key words: economic viability, orange fleshed sweet potato, processing, value chain, market linkage.
the white house said the seven russians, including two from putin's inner circle, are now subject to a freeze on any assets they hold in the united states and a ban on u.s. travel.
i did not know max before the third grade , but after we met we became best friends .
the station was built in a modern airport style , with all of its many platforms sited underground .
the longer a debate rages, the greater the likelihood that someone will compare someone else to hitler.
he gave each person a flier.
if you were a musician , what instrument would you play ?
the daily water use in rancho mirage is more than 200 gallons per person, which is giving rise to a man-made drought.
limestone makes up about 10 % of the total volume of all sedimentary rocks .
the people coming to work today looked tired .
the term was explicitly adopted as a self-description by jean-paul sartre, and through the wide dissemination of the postwar literary and philosophical output of sartre and his associates—notably simone de beauvoir, maurice merleau-ponty, and albert camus—existentialism became identified with a cultural movement that flourished in europe in the 1940s and 1950s.
at current levels – a few euros per tonne of carbon – there is little incentive to seek out lower carbon fuels, and coal is enjoying a renaissance in europe.
i'm not sure.
timeline: north korea's rocket-fueled obsession cnn's jethro mullen contributed to this report.
in 2013, the vast majority of americans have moved beyond prejudice toward gays and lesbians.
randers argues that the global gross domestic product will fail to increase as it has in the past because of population decline , general aging and declining productivity growth .
pride allowed fighters latitude in their choice of attire but open finger gloves , a mouthguard and a protective cup were mandatory .
on february 14 , 2013 , there were rallies in more than 190 countries .
amanda , who was the fastest runner in our grade , ran across the field at full speed .
the middlegame is the part of the game after most pieces have been developed .
moose are mostly diurnal .
techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to lessen these branch penalties .
solar cells produce direct current electricity from sunlight which can be used to power equipment or to recharge a battery .
the master has also been featured in spin-offs of the series , which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity .
so anthony took the money to the book store.
at the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of people in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income .
seamounts are one of the most common oceanic ecosystems in the world .
rainbands ahead of warm occluded fronts and warm fronts have little upward motion .
i am leaving!
reintroduction is the release of species back into the wild .
he really likes it, mom.
brian david mitchell, 57, is accused of snatching then-14-year-old elizabeth smart at knifepoint from her family's salt lake city home on june 5, 2002 -- a crime that shocked the nation and the city, which was then basking in the glow of the 2002 olympic winter games a few months earlier.
one user said he sometimes swings by in the middle of the night, when nobody else is around, and finds it to be unbelievably fast.
“what they want to do is turn this into benidorm, but what draws people here is wildlife and the wind.
tourists often like to eat sushi in tsukiji .
they are very nice and i feel very welcome in their house.
from an other side this novel is a mixt of thriller and fantasy .
hair follicle testing is also pointless, the guide says.
indeed, a study of social media at the university of michigan in 2013 found that, while facebook reduces life satisfaction, using technology to help you meet new people can be beneficial.
“a problem aired is a problem shared and sometimes you need to talk to someone impartial and independent of your friends and family,” says hughes.
brazil and peru have lodged objections to a bid made by the us e-commerce giant for a prime new piece of cyberspace: “.amazon”.
the study, conducted for reuters, surveyed 1,038 adult consumers in the united states to gauge interest in “buy now, pay later” and found 42% of respondents had used the service before.
hume defends the centrality of sentiment with the following reasoning.
in the first case, we are about to save one person from the tide, and spot five others whom we can save, but we cannot save both.
it's time we focus on the root causes rather than point fingers at teen parents and their children.
he ate like a turtle.
the other reason is they hate pink.
the bridge is a single-span structure comprising three bowstring trusses which created two bays for the original two gwr tracks .
that looks a lot like ours , but it ca n't be because i left ours at home .
he asked her.
one world is said to be closer to actuality than another if the first resembles the actual world more than the second does.
many cultures or religions have food taboos .
that not only public monuments be kept up in memory of it, but some outward actions to be performed.
heart 16:07 it's closed on mondays.
the first legs were played on 13 and 14 february 2008 .
he picked pears to give to his friends .
members of the order sparassodonta showed many similarities with placental carnivora , but they were not closely related .
a: sure, barbara.
the researchers also modified the hippocampus cells so that the channelrhodopsin protein would be produced in whichever brain cells the mouse was using to encode its memory engrams.
it was the first animal enzyme to be discovered .
problem gambling is associated with increased suicidal ideation and attempts compared to the general population .
is there a price increase?
have you seen the new art exhibit ?
instead, he focused his remarks to supporters who donated relief supplies for storm victims on how such efforts contribute to meeting the overall need.
i always look forward to receiving his funny emails .
fine, i'll give you a $1.
dated to 3.6 million years ag , o they were the oldest known evidence of hominin bipedalism .
malaria as a life-threatening disease is caused by parasites that are transmitted to people through the bites of infected female anopheles mosquitoes (world health organization, 2016).
the mobile stalls sell mainly two kinds of products , street food and clothes .
nautiluses reproduce by laying eggs .
scientific support, as suggested by demonstrated studies, for ozone therapy presents a potential for an atraumatic, biologically-based treatment for conditions encountered in dental practice (garg and tandon, 2009).
handbooks may have information about any topic , and are mostly guides of information in a special field or about a special method .
on 3 july 2006 , the table tennis section applied for bankruptcy and the table tennis section was disestablished .
this cycle, however, was nothing new: the history of the bond series has been one of ebb and flow, stasis and renewal, revolving most obviously around the lead actor: first, sean connery; then, successively, george lazenby, roger moore, timothy dalton, brosnan and, now, craig.
the constitutional court said the congressional resolution to be anti-constitutional and rejected it .
he died on 9 may 2019 at the age of 93 .
their smiles seemed forced .
i keep thinking that if i had only called her sooner , she might still be alive .
in a few years, trash will cover this beach.
i wish i had some cool water to drink .
arrow was born on august 23 , 1921 in new york city , new york .
if it were n't so important , she would not keep reminding you to work on it .
stainless-steel reusable bottles will be given to 2,000 road crew and band members, with thousands more on sale to festival-goers, to stop them relying on plastic bottles.
they say their services help merchants to boost sales and consumers to buy things they need, and cause less financial damage than credit cards because of restrictions they impose.
every year, thousands of people spent new year's eve on the sidewalks of pasadena.
it was creating false hope.
african elephants receive at least some legal protection in every country where they are found , but 70 % of their range exists outside protected areas .
[5] this part of the letter was quoted in charles babbage’s bridgewater treatise, published in 1837 while darwin was struggling to develop just such a theory.
elsewhere, shorting activity in bp plc fell by 16 million shares on feb. 4 but increased slightly in european oil major royal dutch shell plc by 1.9 million shares, data from fis’ astec analytics showed.
he founded several schools in german and french-speaking regions of switzerland , and wrote explaining his principles of education .
pictures are pretty, but they won't help you with your essay that much.
next monday she would pull it out to the street again.
now i can tell everyone english food is not as bad as they say .
mars has only a thin atmosphere ; however , it is extremely dusty and there is much light that is scattered about .
the first multiracial election in which all races could vote , was held on 27 april 1994 .
his bar code is considered as a security key to access areas of the facility where he was created and trained .
the targets might be agnostics, and the goal might be to turn them into theists.
i will be playing first base, but the coach may switch me.
you just kick the ball.
the bank has been trying to become less reliant on its investment bank in an effort to stabilise its business.
you can only talk to her for five minutes, though.
so the "a" is the building type.
we are still concerned by what could happen there in case there is a fight -- we 're concerned about the risk of damage, said eloundou.
if we are concerned with equal utility, then a group has equal utility when all have exactly the same.
naturally occurring cadmium is composed of 8 isotopes .
flourens was able to demonstrate convincingly for the first time that the main divisions of the brain were indeed responsible for largely different functions .
which is the best way to get to shinjuku ?
the threat was issued by the same group that attacked the gnc headquarters in tripoli last week, triggering fighting across the capital that left at least four people dead and dozens injured.
he ran to the bus stop .
the stem is the part of the word that never changes even when morphologically inflected ; a lemma is the base form of the word .
let's get on.
aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water , as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution .
the police car followed the mayor.
events seemed to prove the omens right .
boiling tubes are commonly made from pyrex glass which can tolerate high temperatures .
in other cultures , a person has the same name as his or her father , but the name is in a different place .
on 5 august 2018 , barry died after a long battle with bone cancer , aged 73 .
hawks have four types of color receptors in the eye .
the nouns and adjectives are created by removing the ending and thus obtaining the root .
it followed the mayor to the airport.
if you were an actor , what role would you want to play ?
the children were 1 to 4 years old.
could you please teach me to use this website ?
the gymnosperms and angiosperms together make up the spermatophytes or seed plants .
he talked to his wife.
they took over the valley in 2008.
he died on june 21 , 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia , aged 88 .
today we go on our field trip class.
i've logged in, now what?
he hopped across the room because he injured his leg .
the court found doma to be unconstitutional -- and it also allowed marriage rights for same-sex couples to return to california.
it got city rights in 1249 .
other authors have attempted to use evolutionary game theory to explain the emergence of human attitudes about morality and corresponding animal behaviors .
the noise caused me to jump .
kimball narrowed that number down to slightly more than 200 potential jurors, according to the salt lake tribune newspaper.
however, the concern about labor unions appeared to sway key republicans such as sen. john mccain of arizona, a longtime vocal advocate of campaign finance reform, who said he would vote against the bill for that reason.
i guess you can get a new room by yourself.
the city was an important landing and refueling place for early long distance airplane flights between europe and australia in the early twentieth century .
[4] in the 14th century, the earliest examples of the use of taylor series and closely related methods were given by madhava of sangamagrama.
“the scale of corruption alleged herein is completely unacceptable.” on a day when fifa’s executive committee had hoped to present new reforms in the midst of an ongoing corruption crisis, swiss police led away the president of the south american football confederation, the paraguayan juan ángel napout, and alfredo hawit, the head of the north and central american and caribbean governing body.
the dollar rose against a basket of currencies.
fabian said america's voice is considering putting pressure on companies that advertise during arpaio's show.
he poured the drain opener into the sink.
the teacher is teaching math.
you can't check out this one.
who left all that hair in the bathroom ?
he has a tightening grip over all key state institutions, save perhaps the constitutional court.
despite the apparent british love of tea, consumption has more than halved since the 1970s, falling from 68g of tea per person per week to only 25g.
sylvia keeps her grade-point average high so that she can get a scholarship .
if that happens, you're in trouble.
as my certainty increases, my doubt decreases; conversely, as my doubt increases, my certainty decreases.
i am 19 and a student in college.
the full official title of the police service is rarely used in speech .
during the day amphiumas hide in plants .
pathogenic micro-organisms include bacteria , fungi , and viruses .
surfers fear that new buildings in valdevaqueros would reduce the strength of the famous local levant wind but fail to lure traditional package holidaymakers.
i feel it necessary to do exercises .
there are no specific treatments for dengue fever .
if they were in an earthquake , the cell phones might not work .
the specimen was probably not fully grown at the time of its death .
the geodetic center of north america is within the county .
i want it badly .
can you teach me how to use the subway ?
crossbills are specialist feeders on conifer cones , and the unusual bill shape is an adaptation which enables them to extract seeds from cones .
he used to smoke.
as foot puts it, “in so far as a man’s charity is limited only by his justice… he is not less than perfect in charity” (md 57).
if particularism is true, there is not much room for moral principles of either sort.
after decades of marijuana prohibition, elected officials and the public are finally realizing that regulating the production and sale of marijuana is the best way to reduce the harms of the illicit marijuana market and the harms of marijuana use itself.
the first edition opens with the text of a poem by goethe that was however dropped in the second edition.
lithium peroxide is made by reacting lithium hydroxide with hydrogen peroxide and removing the water .
the function of the reaction center chlorophyll is to use the energy transferred to it from the other chlorophyll pigments to undergo a specific redox reaction .
the spanish embassy in tripoli, staffed only by local libyan personnel, is not closed in a diplomatic sense, the spokeswoman said.
attempts have been made to raise sheep there .
in february, he was reported as topping the list of absentee lawmakers by the website politico.
nations and national identity may be defined in terms of common origin, ethnicity, or cultural ties, and while an individual’s membership in the nation is often regarded as involuntary, it is sometimes regarded as voluntary.
the reference to needs is the common link between different accounts of the proper subject-matter of the ethics of care.
what should i be ashamed of?
these observances are controlled by the government , but are not observed as holidays .
there were dolls from everywhere.
unaipon took out provisional patents for 19 inventions but was unable to afford to get any of his inventions fully patented , according to some sources .
in this form it represents a prisoner 's dilemma as saving is beneficial to each individual but deleterious to the general population .
the design of the trains was finalized in september 2004 .
an observer standing on the earth 's equator visualizes the celestial equator as a semicircle passing directly overhead through the zenith .
she doesn't trust the hospital.
other data pointed to a new pregnancy and a person with multiple sclerosis.
according to my file, you are eligible for an upgrade to our new service.
there was no room for all his books in his new apartment.
in digital puppetry , machinima creators become virtual actors .
between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory by which these mobile elements regulated the genes by inhibiting or modulating their action .
the dryer ate my sock .
the least skipper 's rounded wings and slender body are distinctive .
“the speculation is now fading, but that doesn’t mean it can’t come back a month or two months from now,” said peter cardillo, chief market economist at spartan capital securities in new york.
males of many species feed on salts from moist soil .
we find that it is consistent with this population having been accreted at 𝑧 < ∼ 3, indicating that any subhaloes accreted earlier are unresolved in the simulations.
it makes no sense at all.
the mouth is located just behind the head , after a rostrum , on the underside of the body .
after leaving the station , the train enters the launch area .
it was built in 1909 .
i am a high- level manager in a small company .
jane did n't know why leon was homeless because he was clearly very smart .
she closed all the windows.
on poor , dry soils tropical heathlands can be found .
the hotel launched an investigation and went on to correct more than 50 menu items at dozens of its restaurants.
traditionally , the home of the emperor was considered the capital .
the thou , or mil , is most commonly used in engineering and manufacturing .
it passed the committee by an 11-4 vote, paving the way for a full senate vote.
she strained her neck .
ryle was only the first of many to be accused of misreading anderson.
he put the jacket on.
thank you, mom.
most of what i learned in algebra i never used .
an aftershock is an earthquake that occurs after a previous earthquake , the mainshock .
he could n't stop looking at her .
he is cautious rather than bold .
rivlin had pulmonary fibrosis , a lung disease .
then sharon pulled pam's hair.
it's the law, laura.
nevada will prohibit all drivers from texting and using handheld devices, the national conference of state legislatures says.
two versions of the plane were made .
tsetse have an unusual lifecycle which may be due to the richness of their food source .
she was pretty.
the symptoms of pots can be caused by several distinct pathophysiological mechanisms .
joseph told me that she is four months.
around 33g of this amount is chips and 56g is meat, with kebabs (10g), chicken (7g), burgers (5g) and “meat-based meals” (32g) particularly popular.
november is grow-a- moustache month .
dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions , and are also delivered and published at the same time .
this article explains why the use of embryonic cells is controversial .
porcelain originated in china , and ' china ' is the common name of the product .
eugenia is a large asteroid , with a diameter of 214 km .
tin has been used for thousands of years .
balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method thought to prevent lightning strikes to ships .
“we have built firm foundations for sustainable profitability and are confident that this overall positive trend will continue in 2021, despite these challenging times,” he said in a statement detailing the results.
in 1997 , 81 % of all soybeans were of genetically modified stock .
according to the iea, demand from china and india will drive world coal use in the coming five years, with india likely to overtake the us as the world’s second biggest consumer.
it’s not news to us.
this is my bag .
the only economic activity of importance is farming .
have you been doing your homework ?
b: i like decorating the tree.
poster 1 final exam instructions doors close 5 minutes before the exam begins.
the city expanded quickly after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 , followed by its designation as the capital city of the then - french colony in 1933 .
measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and naturally occurring compounds .
the mast cell is very similar in both appearance and function to the basophil , a type of white blood cell .
okay, i won't.
well, i only like jane cutting my hair.
you are so lazy!
“it favours moneyed classes rather than those who came here to help spain get ahead,” he said.
reading about celebrities is not really smart of you.
elovitch and his wife, iris, have been charged with bribery and obstruction of justice.
between 22 january and 9 april 2006 the line was closed for engineering works .
once he found out what he wanted to know , he never called again .
advances in semiconductor technology reduced transistor size ; multicore cpus have appeared where multiple cpus are implemented on the same silicon chip .
i made chicken tonight.
in january 2013 jenneke was tenth on askmen. com 's 99 most desirable women 2013 .
the overall distribution of the elements, which were themselves eternal and unchangeable, was controlled by “love and strife” in a grand cyclically dynamic universe.
you owe me if we ever see each other again.
what we actually encounter in §20 indicates that kant intends §§17–20, with some help from §13, to constitute a single, self-contained argument that does not depend on the conclusions about self-consciousness developed in §§15–16.
each one of these classes can be developed into unique material properties because ceramics tend to be crystalline .
there is some debate over using medication to control fever .
gloria always wore very big earrings .
unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked epidermal scales .
together with stratigraphic principles , radiometric dating methods are used in geochronology to establish the geologic time scale .
construction of the bridge began on march 17 , 1952 .
737s do not have fuel dump systems .
her best friend was pam.
camus’s understanding of absurdity is best captured in an image, not an argument: of sisyphus straining to push his rock up the mountain, watching it roll down, then descending after the rock to begin all over, in an endless cycle.
it 's unusual to see a yellow car .
about 50 % of the papyrus is missing .
the third rail is usually located outside the two running rails , but on some systems it is mounted between them .
you can use only one faucet.
getting indians, and others, stretching has emerged as something of a focus for modi, who led his bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide election victory in 2014.
most protesters were young and, for many, it was their first experience of such a giant rally.
both indicate that something fundamental has gone wrong in the modern west.
since 1940 , the southeastern us region has seen a shift to production of runner group peanuts .
in 1863 , there was a design contest for a new building for the rijksmuseum , but none of the submissions was considered to be of sufficient quality .
tuna is good too, daniel.
many tree frogs can change their color for better camouflage .
martin luther king , jr was an honorable man whose beliefs inspired millions of people and whose death was a tragedy that sparked rioting .
the students hoped to raise money for their team .
can we meet 30 minutes later?
japanese prisoner - of- war camps , many of which were used as labor camps , also had high death rates .
on 9 december , it was confirmed that at least 80 foreign heads of state and government would travel to south africa to attend events .
arrive 10 minutes before exam.
its main attraction is ecological diversity .
the results highlight the extraordinary power of telephone metadata – the number called, when and for how long – particularly when it is paired with public information available from services such as google, yelp and facebook.
congenital syphilis is spread from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy or childbirth .
an unusual feature at a water park is ice skating .
the laws involved in the decomposition of a dead body are all at a much more fundamental level, at least at the level of biochemical and thermodynamic processes and perhaps at the level of interactions of fundamental particles.
among them is a controversial california provision requiring that schools add lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender americans to the list of those whose contributions to the development of california and the united states must be taught in schools.
the key category here is that of “alienation” which cannot be understood without examining the role of labor and objectification.
once russia becomes less paranoid, more cooperative, more self-confident in a nicer way -- because i think lots of things have emerged from their almost paranoid sense of insecurity -- hopefully, the small neighbors of russia hopefully will feel themselves more safe, said saakashvili, who met with obama on friday.
the hazara are numerous in both pakistan and afghanistan, and make up much of afghanistan's shia minority.
just wait until they see what a levant is like,” said henning mayer, who has regularly made the journey from augsburg in germany for 20 years.
there are two major highways serving the county .
each episode of season one attracted more than a million viewers on its first airing .
praxidike belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured heliocentric asteroid .
good luck with this semester.
if he were my father , i 'd forgive him .
i approached my professor before class to ask him some questions .
he told me i could get extra credits in college if i took summer classes but i did n't want to stay in the states during summer vacation .
a significant issue with standard candles is the recurring question of how standard they are .
some popular examples of the appeal to nature can be found on labels and advertisements for food , clothing , and health products .
she said it out loud.
us: a big building at a university where students live (uk: hall of residence) i know john.
he was going to be 40 years old next week.
the final was held on 24 may 2008 .
it was under the sheet.
emily finished her homework before she got too tired .
he threw it against a wall.
lina likes collecting postcards .
is she at the hospital?
those people talking on cellphones were rude .
a369, a492/b521, a493/b522).
he sat down in the chair.
i often use translator software .
sometimes it takes only a little money.
but it also modernizes the way nato does defense in the 21st century.
the reporter said that a plane had crashed.
statistics are correct as of 14 january 2019 .
every hive has worker bees .
she laughed at the clowns.
it is essential to proofread your final essay before turning it in to the professor .
in the late 1800s , the yoke and arrows became the political symbol of the spanish socialist party .
at about 11 : 31 am mst , the track of both airplanes intersected over the canyon , and they hit each other .
darwinist models of evolutionary epistemology were advocated by popper’s objective knowledge: an evolutionary approach (1972) and stephen toulmin’s human understanding (1972).
this list is arranged by the place the river drains .
the name of the league is leased to a general sponsor and changes frequently .
the material of choice of a given era is often a defining point .
we have proposed and hope to have accepted a set of capabilities that the alliance, in a time of dwindling resources, will decide it must fund, u.s.
as soon as we finish our lesson.
people who have tried synthetic marijuana often report psychoactive effects that are comparable to marijuana, but notably less pleasurable.
it is also a region with a vibrant local community and it is a major tourist destination.” less convincingly, china has disputed the domain “.shangrila”, which is proposed by a hotel group of the same name.
for example , the chemical formula of cyclohexane and 1 - hexene are ch .
some scholars distinguish between colonies for settlement and colonies for economic exploitation.
most irish immigrants to the united states during this period favored large cities because they could create their own communities for support and protection in a new environment .
most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil .
the policeman got out of his car.
8; gopnik & meltzoff 1997; for an account that combines elements of theory with elements of simulation, see nichols & stich 2003).
there are a lot of sheep in ireland .
even if you 've never seen a play before , this one is easy to follow .
a delta flight from phoenix was coming in to land friday night at the detroit metro airport as a small regional jet was trying to land, said elizabeth cory, a spokeswoman for the federal aviation administration.
allergies are on the rise across developed countries.
the discovery made headlines across the earth .
as of august 2014 , the game has 18 million registered users .
mars has only a thin atmosphere ; however , it is extremely dusty , and there is much light that is scattered about .
the florentine constitution is so organized that citizens are free because they are equal before the law.
some items of clothing are designed to be worn as underwear , while others such as t-shirts can be used both as underwear and as outer clothing .
alright, sarah, we'll be expecting you!
there, he was heard conceding the trade issue was quickly becoming a source of frustration within the party, especially among labor groups that are key to midterms next fall.
boys are not allowed to wear hats indoors .
the following shows several d capabilities and d design trade- offs in a very short program .
indeed, hans-georg gadamer, the philosopher perhaps most closely associated with hermeneutics in our times, closely connects interpretive experience with education.
she went back inside.
i'm happy to help.
corticosteroids , such as dexamethasone and budesonide , have been shown to improve outcomes in children with all severities of croup .
most mambas are arboreal , meaning they live in trees .
a double pedal is two pedal tones played simultaneously .
transliteration is the letter-for-letter representation of text using a latin writing system .
there are millions of products that have become obsolete because of our rapidly improving technology .
excessive modesty is called prudishness .
this is on the grounds that any significant disaster in this sector will negatively affect both the macroeconomic and the microeconomic areas of the economy.
mcconnell cited a recent wall street journal analysis that found labor unions spent $4.4 billion on campaigns between 2005 and 2011.
first, without receiving care within relationships, infants are unlikely to survive, let alone thrive (ruddick 1989).
i wish i could be a scientist .
the holiday always falls on 25 december (regardless of the day of the week), and is typically accompanied by decorations, presents, and special meals.
in all likelihood, this complaint stemmed from theological circles.
each state of india has an organization that manages panchayat towns .
the scope of nato's future roles abroad may be more limited, such as focusing on humanitarian assistance or training, advising, and assisting nations that seek support.
i'd love to help.
she reads the news in magazines.
electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least 1000 m deep .
the star wars movies are about worlds where the forces of good and evil do battle .
the 140,000 ticket-holders are also being urged to bring reusable bottles that they can fill at 400 drinking- water taps dotted across the site.
scientists do not know why the christmas island pipistrelle 's numbers dropped .
theirs is over there .
context switches are usually computationally intensive , and much of the design of operating systems is to optimize the use of context switches .
the dog had to go to the bathroom.
in 1993 , the team again achieved success in the national championship road race in germany .
sewing was promoted in 2018 to turn around germany’s biggest bank after years of losses and fines over money laundering failings and its role in the mortgage crisis.
the phrase is used in widely varying contexts .
"why don't you collect coins?
he reinstituted chain gangs -- including crews for women and juveniles -- banned smoking, coffee and movies in his jails and, most recently, moved to require all inmates with money in their jail accounts to pay for their own meals.
"what if i don't like it?"
arms are long, powerful body parts that are located on either side of chest, below the shoulders;arms are comprised of biceps (the thicker, more powerful upper portion), and forearms (the thinner, more flexible lower portion).
there are hundreds of different types of fibulae .
caramel sauce is made by mixing caramelized sugar with cream .
the poem is sarcastically laughing at the epic world of the gods .
the outside of his car was clean.
many english words have a greek origin .
one example is russell’s paradox, also known to zermelo: consider the property of sets of not being members of themselves.
later, aristotle proposed a philosophical resolution of the paradox, but the mathematical content was apparently unresolved until taken up by archimedes, as it had been prior to aristotle by the presocratic atomist democritus.
foot’s contention is that negative rights carry greater weight than positive rights.
it can be used as a mordant .
determining what records have enduring value can be challenging .
he knew he had to do extra work for extra points .
she looked at both of her hands.
she turned off the faucet.
cidco carved out 14 small nodes with a view towards facilitating comprehensive development .
may i join you ?
and that is the wrong that the supreme court set right this week.
throughout the campus , numerous fountains provide white noise as a background .
institutions and towns may hold firework displays and bonfire parties , and the same is done on a smaller scale in back gardens throughout the country .
the polygraph is widely used in the us in criminal and other cases and for security clearance for the fbi and cia but is much less popular in europe.
maricopa county, arizona, sheriff joe arpaio -- whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil-rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough-on-crime attitudes -- will star in smile: you 're under arrest.
physicists measure an undulator 's effectiveness in terms of spectral radiance .
i am doing well in school .
in december 1912 , workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks .
he was one of the world 's best swimmers in the 1920s .
follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th century and early 17th century but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed .
during its golden age, timbuktu was a thriving desert trading town at the heart of important trade routes for gold and salt, and a major intellectual and spiritual center, which played a key role in the spread of islam in africa.
letters were also sent to dealers and customers, according to filings on the nhtsa website.
so, what else could you be doing instead?
you don't take the school bus?
they don't like the triple bunk beds.
i traveled around italy before i went to my aunt 's place in southern france .
it was after the robotic hummingbird flew around the auditorium -- and after a speaker talked about the hypersonic plane that could fly from new york to the west coast in 11 minutes -- that things got really edgy.
the election results in 2009 means the party still qualifies for some government funding of campaign finance .
not right now, elizabeth.
the sound came in intervals .
ballet died on january 2 , 2017 , at the age of 88 .
in southern california, there are two primary schools for paramedic training.
the brothers don't speak to each other.
the plane was as small as a car .
the film was released on vhs in 1989 , and on dvd in 2004 .
during the 20th century the concept of pteridosperms was expanded to include various mesozoic groups of seed plants with fern-like fronds , such as the corystospermaceae .
such resistance to change characterizes both ancient myths of fate and modern devotion to the facts.
could you please eat more quietly ?
on the other hand, those who endorse a distinction may regard continuous creation theory as (to borrow a phrase) “one of those high-minded philosophical depreciations of god’s works that come disguised as compliments to god’s person” (van inwagen 1988, 46 n4).
the mercury inside the tube is toxic and makes these bulbs hazardous waste .
the convention center has 615700 ft2 of exhibit area .
this list has the name of the pharaoh followed by the actual one written on the stone .
the origin and meaning of this word are not completely known .
the third plane involved was another republic airlines flight, which was taking off and came within 2.07 nautical miles and 800 vertical feet of the arriving flight.
big bear lake is high in the mountains.
what about history?
the agreement, according to the president, followed a year of talks to determine the best ways to coordinate efforts to protect members of the 61-year-old alliance.
on october 5 , a tropical storm developed south of haiti .
but it is also the native home of teff, a highly nutritious ancient grain increasingly finding its way into health-food shops and supermarkets in europe and america.
my teapot is ceramic .
“we are working with the industry and the consumer credit bureaus to develop the appropriate framework,” he said.
“we want to defend the liberal values of amsterdam,” he says.
in the process, the leaders in these councils, who hail from syria's different religious and ethnic groups, are developing political skills, cultivating local constituencies and learning through trial and error the business of governing.
best regards, arina marat hr assistant
healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing or periodontal probing .
bear is often classified as a hard science fiction author due to the level of scientific detail in his work .
van der hoeven said that, without a high carbon price to discourage the growth in coal use and encourage cleaner technologies such as renewable power generation, only competition from lower-priced gas could realistically cut demand for coal.
they were given a good education .
it was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901 .
she never wears earrings .
a seahorse is used as the company 's icon and is worldwide protected by copyright .
he died in the early hours of 13 july 2019 after a brief illness .
but we can imagine a third kind of view, according to which names of fictional characters are, as it were, only meaningful inside the fiction.
the common toad reaches maturity at three to seven years .
so , geneticists and primatologists have used genetic analyses to determine the relatedness between primate lines and when they diverged .
each chapter has a lot of authors who are responsible for writing and editing the material .
the doctor asked, "what's the problem?
they learned how to pronounce words.
the nsa access was enabled by changes to us surveillance law, introduced under president bush and renewed under obama in december 2012.
most eels live in the shallow waters of the ocean and burrow into sand , mud , or amongst rocks .
on april 3 , 2005 , blight disappeared .
i want to sing the alphabet song.
during an instrumental interlude , the music creates a thunder storm to indicate the passage of time .
the driver did n't know where to turn .
glad i could be of some service.
by the end of 2008 , there were a total of 14 schools serving approximately 9,268 students .
as with all other cricket statistics , batting statistics and records are given much attention and provide a measure of a player 's effectiveness .
this can be done quickly using the method of exponentiation by squaring .
do n't go out in this thunderstorm .
the hosts were only announced after the qualifying round .
we’re talking about preserving them for hundreds to thousands of years,” said cerf.
see you later sue
they said, "stop calling it swine flu.
gabrielle starts the series as a young adult who more or less stands behind xena , and relies on xena to protect her .
as the tenaru battle was ending , more japanese reinforcements were already on their way .
in 1883 he was appointed general-admiral .
sushi is raw fish .
the project 's source code is freely reusable under the mit license .
the complex tissue consists of more than one type of cells which work together as a unit .
even when the pid infection is cured , effects of the infection may be permanent .
jerry needs help.
actually, she doesn't like pineapple.
was it his pillow?
phosphoric acid is a white solid .
a best friend does not call late.
the trash goes from the beach to the landfill.
it's a game we can play.
you were well prepared.
later ornithopods became larger , but never rivaled the incredible size of the long-necked , long-tailed sauropods that they partially supplanted .
gifts are placed underneath a christmas tree, or a pine tree that's decorated with ornaments and/or lights and is symbolic of the holiday.
the papyrus is divided into eleven columns , distributed as follows .
some of these topics have been discussed before .
the film 's story is about an astronaut crew who leave earth on a deep space mission and crash land on a supposedly alien planet in the 40th century .
i have an aikido class on sunday morning .
i've been better.
crystal structure is now found by analysis of the diffraction patterns of a sample targeted by a beam of some type .
he is thin.
i am so hungry.
as many as 5,000 heat - related deaths were reported in the united states , and 780 direct and 400 indirect deaths in canada .
bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and up to 60 % of the dry mass of feces .
on september 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of africa and moved west .
most centrioles are nine sets of microtubule triplets , arranged in a cylinder .
more grab poles were also added .
it will be $2.
that figure is likely to rise, when the committee on the medical effects of air pollutants publishes what it calls “strengthening evidence” of damage to public health from nitrogen oxide emissions later in 2015.
however , the problem continued for the new revised section .
the shot put event was first seen in the middle ages , when they would throw cannonballs at their enemies .
normal wear and tear includes pitting corrosion from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
he went back to the phone.
it has been raining since tuesday .
it is not possible to rent a car on the island .
the stockyards became the focal point of the rise of some of the earliest international companies .
if it had been yours , you would have been so sad .
in 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 70,160 .
the sachertorte consists of a chocolate sponge cake with a thin layer of apricot jam in the middle and dark chocolate icing on the top and sides .
several circumstances exist which allow for the termination of a support order for a child under the age of majority .
slavery has long been practised in africa .
that is essentially unknown, or known by a few people inside north korea.
okay, but i only have enough for three beers.
packer and milchan face no charges.
more than 4400 m2 of the museum 's 11200 m2 is dedicated to exhibits .
buildings in the romanesque style have very thick walls and round arches , castles and churches or cathedrals were built in this style .
hundreds of volunteers clean up the beach.
iran has an area of 1,648,000 square kilometres and is the sixteenth largest in size .
they also make it possible to pose the question of the actual connections between marx and hegel in a more fruitful way.
i don't feel good.
mermaids could also swim up rivers to freshwater lakes .
the intended target is thought to have been a government building.
mayweather is the current heavy weight champion .
normally, oil producers would ramp up production as prices increase, but a move by environmentally focused investors from fossil fuels to renewables and caution by lenders leaves them hard-pressed to respond, hedge funds and other investors say.
although american units were usually able to get new troops quickly , the replacements rarely had enough training .
“marchers from every corner of yangon, please come out peacefully and join the people’s meeting,” activist ei thinzar maung urged followers on facebook, using vpn networks to rally protesters despite a junta attempt to ban the social media network.
the search for a new mandate for the entire alliance comes at a time that 16 of the 28 nato members have announced cuts in defense spending.
“teff is second nature to an ethiopian, so who better to supply it?
however, after a six-year break, eon installed martin campbell in the chair: another experienced british director but one who was able to orchestrate one of the most elaborate stunts in bond history.
he lived near a turkey farm .
the rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier , but was typically about three shots per minute .
the professors currently hold their positions for three years , extendable for a fourth year , and give six lectures a year .
the development of explosive artillery shells made the use of iron armor plate on warships necessary .
the seto ohashi bridge was built in the 1980s .
what are the charges?
the reasons for its success in europe include political stability, burgeoning populations of prey species such as wild deer and financial support for non-lethal livestock protection such as electric fences, which mean that farmers do not resort to shooting wild predators.
there has been much debate among taxonomists about which races of pocket gopher should be recognized as full species .
cashew trees produce cashew nuts .
the nhtsa has opened the investigation to assess the scope, frequency and safety-related consequences of the alleged defect, the agency said.
laws retired from professional cycling in august 2016 .
prohibition simply creates new public health problems and maximizes the harm associated with illegal drug use.
that's okay, dear.
they were small and square.
some engineering students and engineers carried ten-inch slide rules in belt holsters , and even into the mid 1970s this was a common sight on campuses .
there was some controversy reported in india as some people were upset with the cat 's name .
each female fly can lay about 9,000 eggs in its life , in several batches of about 75 to 150 .
the current tower is the second tower on the site .
because plans represent three - dimensional objects on a two -dimensional plane , the use of views or projections is crucial to the legibility of plans .
i'd take an umbrella though.
when he sees the police, he waves to the police.
who took the last slice of chocolate cake that i was saving ?
a car ran over her.
cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water filtering slowly through the ground , and therefore contains very little suspended particulate matter .
the area was hit by drought .
what kind of doctor do you want to be?
although missed payments can affect credit scores, affirm says it has been working with borrowers who fell on hard times during the pandemic.
when a wrestler jumps and stamps both feet on any part of an opponent .
the masked man ran from the bank .
the basic premise is that liars fidget more and so the use of an all-body motion suit – the kind used in films to create computer-generated characters – will pick this up.
it is, he said, an “austerity drug” – the response of dealers who have become ever more adept at producing synthetic drugs designed for those who can no longer afford more expensive highs from such drugs as heroin and cocaine.
where are you going?
the path ended at the place where the river began .
some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout .
billy is a very good boy.
the alternative to a standing start is a rolling start .
chlorophyll is necessary for photosynthesis , which allows plants to obtain energy from light .
he said bad things.
the film generated mostly positive reviews , and performances from the cast were praised .
“in the last three years, we have seen that change and we think that’s down to tablets.” britain is embracing internet-enabled devices across the generations, to the extent that the balance between sleep and screen-based activities has now tipped.
another democratic member of the committee, ron wyden, said the bill maintains “business as usual” and “remains far from anything that could be considered meaningful reform”.
officials have already signalled the introduction of compulsory yoga for india’s famously out-of-shape police officers and said that daily yoga lessons would be offered free to three million civil servants and their families.
krumpf, who was born in serbia, immigrated to the united states in 1956 and became a u.s. citizen in 1964.
the city was first incorporated in 1872 , but the charter was voided as illegal , and the city was re-incorporated in march 1873 .
the region is famous for its beautiful palm beaches .
we also have some slices of pineapple.
biodiversity loss has now reached “critical levels ”.
in this attack a wrestler uses a three - point stance , then runs and clotheslines the opponent .
the airport was closed for about five hours after the crash .
the 91 antelope species , most of which are native to africa , occur in about 30 genera .
something startled the birds out of the trees .
he squeezed it into the hole.
jack was hungry.
time fuzes detonate after a set period of time by using one or more combinations of mechanical , electronic , pyrotechnic or even chemical timers .
french literature and poetry flourished even more in the 18th and 19th centuries .
that 's the house where they went to play video games last week .
mostly songs in this album are smooth , some speed .
canada is a federation composed of ten provinces and three territories .
heard it's supposed to rain.
the didgeridoo is now often used as an instrument in the experimental and avant-garde music scene .
with county codes , official until 1974 .
the shrinking generator uses a different technique .
traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still of importance .
it is less clear, however, whether creation and conservation are to be conceived as distinct kinds of actions.
analysts will now be closely watching seaworld’s sales and attendance numbers in the third quarter, which is traditionally the company’s most profitable and covers the summer holiday season.
it is disparity” (foucault 1977, 142).
currently the university has about 27,000 students and employs about 4,600 people .
antipsychotic medicines , such as haloperidol , are sometimes used along with benzodiazepines to control agitation or psychosis .
outside politics he graduated as cand . jur .
she talked about a lot of cash.
actually—so they say—there is intrinsically only awareness, observation, measurement.
a secret or unlockable character is a playable character in a video game available only after completing the game or meeting another requirement .
the blackbird found something to eat.
water turbines were developed in the nineteenth century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids .
until the end of 2004 , there were six criteria for cultural heritage and four criteria for natural heritage .
during the 1960s and 1970s the city grew tremendously .
sandy's impact: state by state romney has made political dysfunction in washington a target of his campaign, blaming obama for what he calls failed leadership in being unable to forge a deficit reduction deal with republicans.
water turbines are divided into two groups : reaction turbines and impulse turbines .
color schemes are logical combinations of colors on the color wheel .
american carrier aircraft had difficulty locating the target , despite the positions they had been given .
a capability enhancement program that started delivering improvements to uk guns in 2007 aimed at reducing weight and improving some components .
he went into law after the war , and in 1921 set up his own practice .
she had a chicken sandwich for lunch.
animals have repeatedly been used through the history of biomedical research .
the protestors shouting outside woke me this morning .
they look for food early in the day.
farmer was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the spring of 1970 .
islamic scholars traveled great distances to study in the city's university, which had 25,000 students during its zenith, and was comprised of three mosques.
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest .
meanwhile, research by professor john cacioppo at the university of chicago has found loneliness to be twice as bad for older people’s health as obesity and almost as great a cause of death as poverty.
steak is the best when it is medium rare .
a warm water port is a port where the water does not freeze in winter time .
on each typical episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret .
observer freed pro-russian separatists holding a european military observer team in eastern ukraine released one of the observers for medical reasons sunday, shortly after parading them before cameras.
the opinions of viewers at the time was divided the four-part serial aired in 1982 , and it has not done better over time .
half the sugar of a can of regular cola is still more sugar than many people on popular low-carbohydrate diets are permitted to have in a day .
nevertheless, the bond brand has remained immensely powerful over the decades, with eon being forced to fend off attempts by rival outfits to capitalize on the series’s popularity.
i like doing math.
is there any of the vegetable spaghetti left from last night 's dinner ?
"i'm sorry," said the park ranger.
you're having hot pockets for dinner tomorrow.
that's why i brought sleeping bags.
alienation is typically a problematic separation from something.
i tried to do my homework but was distracted by my neighbor 's loud television .
a christian holiday signifying the birth of jesus, christmas is widely celebrated and enjoyed across the united states and the world.
at the end of 2014 the population was 819 people , in 344 families .
the town was founded in 1828 and incorporated as a city in 1875 .
visitors can reach the top of the space needle by using elevators .
if he were here now , he would be so proud of you .
badgers have rather short , wide bodies , with short legs for digging .
location chennai, india we're looking for a marketing manager to manage an international team.
moths , usually their caterpillars , are a major farm pest in many parts of the world .
ryle was describing the generation of philosophers who were adult prior to or during the great war.
even at abundances that are somewhat lower than expected, many oceans of water are likely present in planet-forming regions.
he was testing it to see if it was locked.
he talked to his parents.
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of donna brazile.
i plugged it in again.
for al-assad, full implementation of the plan, which includes a political settlement through dialogue and respect for the rights of citizens to demonstrate peacefully, will bring an end to his regime.
can i try?
i want to sleep .
i like your denim jacket .
alan mcintyre, head of accenture’s global banking practice, says the credit impact of the buy now, pay later trend remains to be seen.
the g and pg ratings are often left out , since they are typical of normal , everyday climbing .
his mother is always complaining loudly about something .
all major sectors, except for construction, business services and information and communications, saw contractions, the ministry said.
the adult plumage of most of the albatrosses is usually some variation of dark upper-wing and back with white undersides , often compared to that of a gull .
the proliferation of this weapon is shown by more than just numbers .
he will never get fat.
motivated by cnns, rnns, and autoencoders from deep learning, new generalizations and definitions of important operations have been rapidly developed over the past few years to handle the complexity of graph data.
but it is a vision that many of the existing residents seem unlikely to be able to afford.
"i cannot pay you with money."
anthony went to the book store.
police are investigating monday's blast, the defense ministry said.
the series also featured at least one significant cameo role per episode .
give me a call before you leave .
it was the teacher who wrote that .
haley wore her favorite boots .
the prime minister designate will conclude his formal consultations with parties on saturday, the parliament’s press office said in a statement on thursday.
abe is the current prime minister in japan .
the park holds 104 species of plants .
the campaign to save the beach was launched hours after the tarifa council voted for the project.
the state and union territory capitals are sorted according to administrative , legislative and judicial capitals .
swine influenza virus is common throughout pig populations worldwide .
the adversarial system is the two -sided structure under which criminal trial courts operate , putting the prosecution against the defense .
copper is one of a few metallic elements with a natural color other than gray or silver .
if it 's late when you come by , please knock quietly .
the band 's second world tour started in january 2001 .
since the middle of the 20th century , citadels usually protect military center , rather than cities or towns .
psychiatrists can prescribe medications .
winters died on 23 april 2019 , at the age of 80 .
many scale species are serious crop pests .
try to rest, dear.
chp is most efficient when heat can be used on - site or very close to it .
ensuring that all children can grow up with the same federal benefits and protections afforded by their parentsmarriage and legal status is crucial, and kennedy rightly saw the impact of not only making marriages equal for federal purposes -- but making their families equal.
in 2007 , rose suffered a stroke that left him with speech and movement difficulties .
i want to go on the swing.
the very concept of a “nonexistent object” has an air of paradox about it, at least for those philosophers whose thinking is rooted in the humean tradition.
a three - hour special that was aired on november 16 , 2008 marked the end of the show .
(2014), a large portion of the insurance agencies in ghana offer numerous protection plans (for example accident coverage, life and medical coverage, fire protection and burglary) apart from crop insurance scheme.
to hunt fish the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
finally, he wiped down the table.
there are many stories of mambas chasing humans , but these snakes usually prefer to avoid contact with humans .
she looked around.
it is tempting to go to an alternative therapist who will do a single test and provide a quick, but inaccurate, answer.
bugs, spiders, cobwebs, gravestones, and anything else that can be considered creepy (or unusual and possibly scary) can also be found on halloween, in decoration form.
she put her hands under the warm water.
we waited for at least two hours before we finally got to see johnny depp walk down the red carpet .
realistic space try to copy the behavior of a vessel under the laws of physics .
these young men and women are usually the first people who respond to medical emergencies suffered by citizens.
based on this, the creation of conducive atmosphere for better performance of the agricultural sector is not only an important and realistic option to improve food security status of ethiopians but also a means to improve their standard of living.
it's alright, i understand.
from: simona reggia to: city language school subject: courses in august dear sir or madam, i have seen your website and i would like to know more about your english courses.
the obama administration seems poised to borrow a page out of its strategy against al qaeda to deal with isis.
research on the aha !
it is okay.
i wish i could tell them that i forgive them .
"no, she's not home," his mom said.
the pass is open only from may to november .
during the spanish civil war he left his work to be in theater as an amateur actor .
that was the day when we saw it .
have you met the groom yet ?
there are reasons for philosophers to be as wary of the ‘natural’ birth movement as of uncritical, unchecked medicalization (kukla 2005, lyerly 2006 and 2012, purdy 2001).
winter is most widely known for its snow and the christmas holiday, but it also boasts new year's eve (on december 31, in recognition of the start of a new year) and other special days.
nothing you do or say will ever stop sally from chasing her dream of becoming a veterinarian .
they threw a frisbee to each other.
his removal to austria is part of an effort by several u.s. government departments and law enforcement agencies to identify and prosecute participants in nazi crimes of persecution who live in the united states, the justice department said.
observations of atmospheric chemistry are essential to our understanding .
while historians concur that the votes were accurately counted , the process was neither free nor secret .
she looked for his eyes.
i'm taking a cooking class.
first of all, as soon as we think that we correctly perceive something, we are spontaneously convinced that it is true.
the metabolic rate varies between individuals .
his lectures were legendary and frequently used to last for three or four hours .
the supposed small galaxy contains a relatively high percentage of red giants and is thought to contain an estimated one billion stars in all .
like all cryptographic keys , session keys must be chosen so that they cannot be predicted by an attacker , usually requiring them to be chosen randomly .
this is partly due to the state of fragmentation in the opposition ranks, especially among the exile groups, which do not inspire confidence among fence-sitters.
your letter has come .
there is a very smart student in my class .
c- type asteroids are very dark with albedos usually in the 0.03 to 0.10 range .
people who stare at computer screens all day often end up wearing glasses .
the serous fluid contains the enzyme amylase which acts in the digestion of carbohydrates .
combine a broader deployment of these tools with an expansion of programs such as pepfar and a sustained investment in research, and you have a trifecta: a winning combination that could achieve the conquest of the aids pandemic in the foreseeable future.
male stag beetles use their jaws to wrestle each other .
vice president joe biden, meanwhile, said tuesday that the federal response to sandy was working like it's supposed to, and he highlighted to reporters in ohio what he described as unprecedented cooperation between city, state and federal authorities and agencies.
"we will deliver it on monday," she said.
euthanasia may be classified into three types , according to whether a person gives informed consent : voluntary , non-voluntary and involuntary .
concerts involving a greater number of artists , especially those that last for days , are known as festivals .
differential calculus is the study of the definition, properties, and applications of the derivative of a function.
“it matters very much,” said moira austin of the anaphylaxis campaign.
colchicine is an alternative treatment for people that are unable to tolerate nsaids .
the combination of meticulous field observation, collection and experimentation, note taking, reading and thinking during what turned into the beagle’s five year journey through a very wide cross-section of the earth’s environments was to set the course for the rest of his life.
it has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made finding its shape and rotation somewhat hard .
the women were rowing as hard as the men .
when war broke out again in 1282 , it was an entirely different undertaking .
wake up, jeff.
we like to go to the beach.
the label k2 is still the name by which the mountain is commonly known .
have you just finished ?
please sit down.
modern dry cleaning uses solvents that do not use water to remove dirt and stains from clothing .
but it’s the recapture of director sam mendes that gives bondwatchers the most hope.
she drove past the man.
with the creation of the soest district in 1817 , its influence slowly rose .
organic synthesis is a special type of chemical synthesis .
all the islands are low and flat , with ridges that usually rise no more than 15 to .
in the earliest days of naval warfare , there was little difference between sailors and soldiers on a warship .
i thought he could get us the movie tickets in advance .
many protesters wore black.
it sure is hot today.
the latter, timbuktu's oldest, was built in the early 14th century, while the sankore, during its heyday, was said to have the largest collection of books in africa since the library of alexandria of antiquity.
the grinding of solid matters occurs under exposure of mechanical forces that trench the structure by overcoming of the interior bonding forces .
i'll think of somewhere to eat.
in the defence, she answers burnet on a series of issues regarding the deficiencies of locke’s empiricism, which include not only moral knowledge, but also the knowledge humans can have of god’s veracity and of the immortality of the human soul.
the food was brought on beautiful plates .
can you focus in there?
would you like to go see a movie tomorrow night?
(24 may 1640 letter to regius, at 3:65, csmk 147) in the second replies, he adds: i shall now expound for a second time the basis on which it seems to me that all human certainty can be founded.
“results are frequently positive in individuals who do not have an allergy or a food intolerance.” also debunked is a test, a mixture of acupuncture and homeopathy, which attempts to measure electronic resistance across the skin while the child or adult holds the suspect food in their hand.
however , the player can capture pieces on his home box .
regional metamorphism , or dynamic metamorphism , occurs in great masses of rock .
it's cheaper than buying the book.
humans derive about 20% of their protein from animal-based products now, but this may need to drop to just 5% to feed the extra two billion people expected to be alive by 2050, according to research by some of the world’s leading water scientists.
he stopped watching the man.
by 1924 , these local magazines eventually closed down .
barril died in barcelona , spain from pneumonia , aged 62 .
he didn't pay jack back in 14 days, or 21 days, or 28 days.
the largest animals eat first , while the smaller ones follow a hierarchy .
“this decline came after very strong productivity growth in the middle quarters of the year, and we think that the pandemic has led to a shift in economic activity away from some low-productivity sectors that has led to firming in productivity growth through some of the noise in the quarterly readings,” said daniel silver, an economist at jpmorgan in new york.
she poured out some roasted peanuts onto the table.
the bank 's case , and failure amidst a political scandal is widely cited today in the indian banking sector .
always hold his hand when you walk with your little brother .
after mcclory’s death in 2006, his family eventually settled with mgm and eon’s parent company in november 2013.
the primary goal of instrument analysis is to measure an amount of substance .
about 58 % of new york city adults are considered overweight or obese, the mayor added.
they happen to everyone.
her doctor told her that she had a thyroid problem.
the stars in the core of omega centauri are so crowded that they are on average only 0.1 light years away from each other .
in golf , a golfer plays a number of holes in a given order .
the taliban are not a monolith, as one afghan observer puts it, and it is possible that at local level there may have been collaboration between a taliban operative and lej.
after a series of mini-strokes in 2002, thatcher withdrew from public life, no longer able to make the kind of waspish pronouncements that had been her forte in office – and beyond.
his belly was close to the ground.
they may also hold that possession of such a theory constitutes our grasp of mental state concepts (carruthers 1996, 2011: ch.
they tend to close late or not at all.
"goodbye, herman," she said, "and hello, adam."
it's fast and fun.
come and join our lunchtime yoga class with experienced yoga teacher divya bridge!
then they opened their mouths.
he did bad things.
the test was too hard for any of the students to pass .
agrawal died on 11 october 2018 , after fasting since 22 june 2018 , demanding the government act on its promises to clean and save the ganga .
the concept , idea or philosophy of property underlies all property law .
absinthe has often been portrayed as a dangerously addictive psychoactive drug and hallucinogen .
i'll feed it every day.
all the swimmers on the swim team are good swimmers.
your professor must be notified in advance if you are planning to take his classes next semester .
carl xvi gustaf is the swedish king .
the german original was an instant classic and remains in print today.
the ladder analogy arises because no single technique can measure distances at all ranges encountered in astronomy .
jesse said, "okay, i won't ever hit little girls again.
the dogs started to fight .
the camps where antisocial tenants will be rehoused for three to six months have been called “scum villages” because the policy echoes proposals from geert wilders, the far-right populist, who last year demanded that “repeat offenders” be “sent to a village for scum”.
what is it, elizabeth?
most of the best sort of medieval manuscripts were written on vellum .
balls of solid glass occasionally were used in a method purported to prevent lightning strikes to ships and other objects .
there was a room where the employees could take a break or eat lunch .
it differs in three ways from the previous report .
female trees bear their fruit only every few years .
it would be nice if we went together .
north korea has detained several americans in recent years, increasing tension levels in what is already a rocky relationship between pyongyang and washington.
the scientist found a petrified dinosaur tooth .
in another incident, firefighters attempting to put out a blaze at a cirrus sr22 crash took additional safety precautions after being told the plane had a brs -- a solid-fuel rocket used to deploy the plane's parachute.
the engine is under the hood.
she never said anything.
back in 2013, rubio was a member of the senate gang of 8 that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform, including a path to citizenship for the nation's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants.
pirate was 14 years old.
there were mice scratching in the walls .
she picked up a bar of white soap.
they landed at the airport.
that's all i need.
adorno works out the details of this conception in his subsequent lectures on kant (kc), ethics (pmp), and metaphysics (mcp) and in his books on husserl (ae), hegel (h), and heidegger (ja).
seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate , agar and carrageenan , gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids .
there are many lodges and reserves for tourists .
three types of flagella have so far been distinguished ; bacterial , archaeal and eukaryotic .
the skin is covered in controllable chromatophores of different colors , enabling the squid to match its coloration to its surroundings .
some legislators have alternatively proposed letting phone companies hold the metadata.
the following artists achieved four or more number-one hits during the 1990s .
i have to get back to work by one thirty this time , or i will lose my job .
i lent her my coat .
the earthquake caused more than 5,000 casualties , and destroyed 29,000 houses .
the second approach is to work out a theory of revolution which presupposes the awakening of self-consciousness in the working class.
the transition from the former to the latter, in the case of regius, occurred in 1641.
do you have plans to travel to europe this year ?
librarians around the world still use the number , especially when identifying books published in the united states .
the cake consists of a dense chocolate cake with a thin layer of apricot jam on top , coated in dark chocolate icing on the top and sides .
contemporary philosophers interested in metaphysical questions do not refer to anderson’s work and are frankly baffled by armstrong’s enthusiasm for his teacher’s work.
did they have a divorce?
the forest is an important recreational area with woodland walks , noted for their displays of bluebells in the early spring , rock climbing and hillwalking .
equivalently it is the combination of a rotation and an inversion in a point on the axis .
last week, deputy national security advisor ben rhodes noted: we 've been able to significantly degrade al qaeda core in afghanistan and pakistan, decimate its leadership ranks, reducing the threat that they pose.
lisa loves to go shopping.
since the outbreak of the crisis in 2009, kethea has lost 70 of its 500 staff.
credits taken from album notes .
it was round.
what is 'bit rot' and is vint cerf right to be worried?
there are over 120 species of living cuttlefish , in 5 genera .
worldwide production of apples in 2017 was 83.1 million tonnes , with china accounting for half of the total .
in the light of the panel’s report, the attorney general will now consider whether to apply to the high court for the inquest verdict of accidental death to be quashed and a new inquest held.
no one liked how the sky looked because clearly it was going to start raining any minute .
i walk home.
these moths have several unusual features .
he finally started eating yogurt .
nothing is as good as my mother 's homemade seafood pasta .
and, as far as i can tell, while the rest of the world is still stuck in a nearly government-only mode, nasa, with the support of the obama administration, is letting loose the creativity of american know-how.
in further experiments, the rats collaborated on a task that required them to distinguish between narrow and wide openings using their whiskers.
the red cross is seoul's main channel for humanitarian aid to north korea.
traditional western music generally uses seven tones , and repeats at the octave .
marriage is an institution that provides stability for society and for the family.
black contributed to basic scientific and clinical knowledge in cardiology , both as a physician and as a basic scientist .
(see for example tronto 1993 and held 1995.)
kennedy also said the law unfairly treated the 220,000 children of same-sex couples in american differently from the children of opposite-sex parents -- which we should all be able to agree is harsh, unnecessary and unjust.
she goes out to play.
she looked for the man in the moon.
her mom said it was locked for her safety.
the rats were trained to press a lever when a light went on above it.
a number of cities hosted walk - in voting centers , and an official list of locations and open hours were made available as of february 6 .
if you do n't keep quiet you will wake the baby .
in their usual habitat , chinchillas live either in burrows , or in crevices of rocks .
she wants to live for one hundred years.
yablo’s own preferred view, figuralism, is supposed to be a close cousin of object fictionalism, but with an added twist.
he ca n't find his .
typically , battle royale contestants are only given one life to play ; any players who die are not allowed to respawn .
he looked for his glasses.
this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size .
we can go after school, if you want?
lulu told her mom she was done.
the teacher often gave out chocolate .
the stand also incorporates a traditional players ' tunnel in the center .
children between the ages of 6 and 16 must have full-time education .
the western grey kangaroo is one of the largest kangaroos .
she opened the bag.
this period lasted from roughly 1905 through to 1914 and the beginning of world war i .
i ca n't believe i got dragged along on a blind date .
a didgeridoo is a type of musical instrument that , according to western musicological classification , falls into the category of aerophone .
"dad," said lucy, "that's a great idea.
don't be like that, professor!
i just felt wrong.
she liked them.
on poor , dry soils there are tropical heathlands .
the sky is usually gray.
they live on mulberry street in boston.
sids rates are higher in babies of mothers who smoke during pregnancy .
mike waited and waited.
mercury is a silvery - white liquid post-transition metal .
mother loved mixing cream with everything .
we have n't met yet .
should she give him a sweater?
pear trees are typically in production for an average of 50 to 75 years , although some trees still produce fruit after 100 years .
the hillside placement of the palace was considered important in establishing control in the early days of the kingdom .
the land battle took place over about 81 days beginning on april 1 , 1945 .
putting people on antiretroviral drugs makes them less infectious and less likely to transmit the virus to others.
were there a lot of reptiles at the zoo in ueno last week ?
adherents of this view typically say with francisco suárez that god’s creation and conservation of things are “only conceptually distinct” (suárez 1597, 120).
have you started classes yet ?
in this survey, we begin with an introduction to the general field of reinforcement learning, then progress to the main streams of value-based and policybased methods.
16:05 that's difficult for me.
in many cases , the splicing process creates a range of unique proteins by varying the exon composition of the same messenger rna .
it is a fallacy because a person 's actions or character do not affect the logic of the argument .
wood is a naturally occurring composite comprising cellulose fibres in a lignin and hemicellulose matrix .
protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a true star .
i do n't like hip-hugger pants .
it is then a matter of whether it would be good for the person to die and, hence, whether it would be contrary to charity.
in the early 20th century , petticoats were circular , had flounces and buttons in which women could attach additional flounces to the garment .
calcium nitrate is used in fertilizers to add nitrogen to the soil .
she opened the dumpster lid.
a demurrer essentially says the complaint is so defective as written, that it should be dismissed his attorneys have also gone on the offensive, asking the court to impose sanctions against the attorneys who filed this lawsuit.
oceanic crust is primarily composed of mafic rocks , or sima which is named for its magnesium silicate minerals .
if a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado .
the authorities’ only legal weapon is a law banning misleading representations of goods and services.
many game artists are asked to develop graphical environments and elements in which role- playing games take place .
we were all elated .
it was medium weight.
distinguishing features of this earless seal include square fore flippers and thick bristles on its muzzle .
on the weekends we all play board games together.
doug went to the gas station.
mike waited one minute.
polydnaviruses are a unique group of insect viruses that have a mutualistic relationship with parasitic wasps .
thompson had not allowed local law enforcement onto the farm to check the pens, muskingum county sheriff matthew lutz told cnn monday.
worst part of the job: for paudel, it’s seeing people struggling to survive on very little income.
monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to the tissues will then differentiate into macrophages or dendritic cells , which then stay in the tissue .
my sister asked me to come to florida to help her when her sick husband dies .
“the ipcc makes the case that climate change is real and happening much more strongly than before.
u.s. crude has climbed 54% to around $57 per barrel during the same period.
you can stay over if you want.
and more than 4,000 households could lose housing assistance as a result of cuts in the federally funded housing opportunities for people with aids program.
william didn't like carrots.
rhetorical questions are often used as a metaphor for a question already asked .
leahy and sensenbrenner say yes; feinstein says no.” wyden suggested that recent concern about nsa spying on foreign leaders had distracted from the real focus on mass domestic surveillance in the us.
it 's 10 p. m.
a red maple leaf can be found on the canadian flag .
the original motivation for choosing the degree as a unit of rotations and angles is unknown .
a new tournament was started the following week .
as europeans made inroads into africa in the early 19th century , guns were developed to handle the very large game encountered .
after several decades of prosperity , it entered a period of protracted political , military and economic decline .
i didn't like the way you sang tonight.
a few minutes later, the man ran out of the bank.
the museum also displays copies of the erfurt hebrew manuscripts .
no, how do i do that?
the award consists of an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas and a certificate of honor .
for people who keep getting infections , taking antibiotics for a long time is helpful .
that night , the animals throw a party in the barn .
in more recent times , u.s. warming centers are proliferating as a means to serve the unsheltered homeless during temperature and rainfall spikes .
i'll pay for the rest, but you owe me.
much of the ethics of care—at least in early stages—has focused on close personal relationships such as mothering or friendship; the assumption here is that caring meets the need for bonding, or attachment (gheaus 2009: 64).
but they could indicate that if she wins the 2016 election, america might gain a slightly more forceful president in foreign affairs, someone more willing to engage directly in europe than obama has.
the authors ' claim that nuclear power and clean coal are not clean technologies .
it looks like the chicago cubs won seven to three.
i tried to convince her to stay here .
furthermore , renewable can also provide energy to refrigerate medicine and sterilize medical equipment in rural areas where the access to electricity is difficult .
just a ride.
a televised attempt by the hotel group’s president, hiroshi desaki, to limit the damage by announcing a 20% pay cut for himself and 10% for other executives, failed to mollify angry consumers.
﻿the national security agency (nsa) has obtained direct access to the systems of google, facebook, apple and other us internet giants, according to a top-secret document.
lithium reacts with water easily , but with noticeably less vigor than other alkali metals .
the growth and development of the ediacara biota is also important .
ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone .
the shadows are long.
gina added more beans to her diet .
there is also a bus station in the town center .
public health has roots in antiquity .
jennifer, can you come here, please?
she hit me first."
social and affectionate , the name comes from the parrots ' strong , monogamous pair bonding and the long periods which paired birds spend sitting together .
none of the food was vegan , and therefore did n't meet my dietary needs .
alcock was one of the leading pre-reformation divines ; he was a man of deep learning and also of great proficiency as an architect .
please call the plumber today .
it was a time when we did n't have to lock our doors at night .
scientists do not yet know what these dinosaurs ate .
“however, we are disappointed with the decision to reject the proposal to regulate nicotine-containing products (ncps), including e-cigarettes, as medicines.
before we turn to assessment of ontological arguments, we need to get clear about what the proper intended goals of ontological arguments can be.
in modern practice , the bow is almost always held in the right hand while the left is used for fingering .
santa is also expected to slide through chimneys to deliver these presents (homes not equipped with chimneys might "leave the front door cracked open"), and children sometimes arrange cookies or other treats on a plate for him to enjoy.
pilot concerned about landing jet before crash as a result of the crash, each of the plaintiffs sustained injuries, including but not limited to, bodily injury and resulting pain and suffering, disability, mental anguish, loss of capacity for the enjoyment of life, medical treatment, loss of income, and medical expenses, the suit states.
imagine, for instance, that cecile has no life, no identity, finds no meaning, outside of her family membership.
there are few girls in the soccer team .
now a repetition in iraq of the u.s. strategy that reduced al-zawahiri to a spectator may be his best chance of overcoming the challenge posed by isis.
antidisestablishmentarianism is also referred to as one of the longest non-scientific words in the english language .
this means that the derivative takes all the information of the squaring function—such as that two is sent to four, three is sent to nine, four is sent to sixteen, and so on—and uses this information to produce another function.
strong 's endorsement of left-wing causes set her apart from her colleagues on the school board .
a faux mixing of romance languages occurs in the last three lines of the song .
insect respiration happens without lungs .
the tower is at the south side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls .
do israelis care?
the tree forms a thick , rugged bark containing high levels of suberin .
the seventeenth century saw a culinary revolution which transported french gastronomy into the modern era .
what, in fact, does quantum mechanics describe?
on the other hand, i do not think that the “tradition” of existential thought should be approached exclusively in terms of the (very real) struggle with religion that gives some of the works of existential philosophy a religious “feel” (but see westphal 2012).
in a statement, state department secretary antony blinken said the united states had “suspended and initiated the process to terminate the asylum cooperative agreements with the governments of el salvador, guatemala, and honduras as the first concrete steps on the path to greater partnership and collaboration in the region laid out by president biden.” the so-called “safe third country” agreements, inked in 2019 by the trump administration and the central american nations, force asylum seekers from the region to first seek refuge in those countries before applying in the united states.
most ants are univoltine , producing a new generation each year .
in 1940 , the two private systems were bought by the city .
“it shows the power of star wars that, although they were disappointing, the prequels still managed to make a lot of money,” said rosser.
daqing exports over 10 million tons of crude oil each year .
i 'm not confused , i 'm upset !
he was n't allowed to have any alcohol .
they made it clear that they do not want to be treated just as apple’s supplier or manufacturer.”
the structure of mauveine was not fully identified until 1994 .
as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 7,172 .
all quarks and gluons in qcd interact with each other through the strong force .
what are you talking about?
9 sep, 10:43 – carlos garcia gonzales hi!
it's time for dinner.
in genetic sex-determination systems , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it inherits .
﻿when you see the word amazon, what’s the first thing that springs to mind – the world’s biggest forest, the longest river or the largest internet retailer – and which do you consider most important?
the importation of slaves was made illegal in 1792 .
if empirical evidence plays any role, it is only insofar as we need it to know that there really is a stick, s, that was designated as the meter at some particular time and place.
an influential example is found in the work of paul feyerabend, whose against method provides an example of “theoretical anarchism” in epistemology and philosophy of science (feyerabend 1975 [1993]).
noncrystalline ceramics , being glass , tend to be formed from melts .
she did not want to stop smoking cigarettes.
batting tactics and strategy vary depending on the type of match being played as well as the current state of play .
the faa also should issue a safety bulletin to first responders, the board recommended.
it's easy, jenny.
the holiday signifies the immense progress made by pilgrims, or some of the first travelers to north america, at plymouth plantation circa 1621.
even if the city's treasures survived unscathed, they stood to lose out from the uprising as it could plunge the region into isolation once again.
do not generalize the situation,” said hayatou, president of the confederation of african football for more than 25 years.
pure aluminum is quite soft and lacking in strength .
they eat in the dining room.
she told pam to go home.
norma went to bed.
she said, "okay, we will have a baby boy."
he heard a dog barking outside his window.
japan must be a very strong nation to have become a leading economic force in so few years .
japan monkey park has different species of monkeys and other entertainment .
she was an only child , born in london .
by the 1990s , the federal government had reversed its views on wolves .
nietzsche’s actual psychological explanations rely heavily on appeals to sub-personal psychological attitudes.
"i have an idea," his father said.
shanbaug died of pneumonia on 18 may 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years .
bill pushed the wheelchair into his home.
much of the range lies in national parks and other protected areas .
virgin purchased eighty percent of the team , as part of sponsorship arrangement .
on february 28 , 2007 , new designs of the 5 to 50 naira banknotes were introduced .
individual cases highlight the ease with which people can slip back into poverty.
during the 1960s the paper championed the new british groups emerging at the time .
lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor .
when leondra garrett wanted to stock up on three new pairs of shoes early last year, the north carolina resident split a $161 online purchase into four installments through a “buy now, pay later” service, in what seemed like a convenient deal.
for 95 - 97 % of cases , infection is resolved after one dose of metronidazole .
i put them in a special place in my room.
the accident was on the freeway.
she is our foster daughter .
the three major learning paradigms are supervised learning , unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning .
like “rationalism” and “empiricism,” “existentialism” is a term that belongs to intellectual history.
“either the mine must stop digging, creating mass unemployment, or the city has to move – or else face certain destruction.
the sarus crane is easily distinguished from other cranes in the region by its overall grey color and the contrasting red head and upper neck .
each one was as big as a tennis ball .
dozens of other protests have also been registered over proposed top-level domains that take geographical, cultural or contested brand names.
in many countries making or having a pipe bomb is a serious crime .
the common toad comes out of hibernation in spring .
it is 7,000 feet high.
i can't wait to see the play.
the european spadefoot toads are small to large sized frogs .
jonathan edwards, for example, says, “god’s upholding created substance, or causing its existence in each successive moment, is altogether equivalent to an immediate production out of nothing, at each moment….
post-structuralism and trends in post-modernism and continental philosophy can also be anarchistic (see may 1994).
two of the largest known impact events on earth occurred during the orosirian .
on friday , drivers have a 30 - minute practice session and a 30 - minute qualifying session .
even in those sea cucumbers that lack regular tube feet , those that are immediately around the mouth are always present .
plaintext is used as input to an encryption algorithm ; the output is usually termed ciphertext , particularly when the algorithm is a cipher .
at the time of diodorus and philo a distinction between simple and non-simple propositions was in circulation among the minor greek socratic philosophical sects (dl 2.139).
16:05 would you like to meet for a coffee?
still, on the whole, these theorists generally operated within the language and framework of their chosen approach to political philosophy.
i 'd like to join you , but it depends on what i am doing that day .
the common names for aldehydes are not always the official names .
“if it works in the rest of europe, there’s absolutely no reason why it can’t work in the uk,” he said, pointing out that bears and wolves are found within an hour of rome.
she did not trust this man.
as of , there are four living former second ladies , as identified below .
one of the first , and most powerful , techniques to improve performance is the use of the instruction pipeline .
she wanted to see the news about the storm.
he cracked the eggs into a bowl.
what is of value, on her view, is the ordinary human life that contains at least a minimum of “basic human goods”, which include: that a man is not driven to work far beyond his capacity; that he has the support of a family or community; that he can more or less satisfy his hunger; that he has hopes for the future; that he can lie down to rest at night.
however, the partial automation of cars is already underway.
the plumage is generally light gray - brown and lighter and pinkish below .
when they get three strikes, they are out.
one example where this is used is the light- dependent reaction of photosynthesis .
neuroscientists have identified a network of cortical regions implicated in metacognition , revealing insights into self-awareness .
margaret was a small girl.
there is a pharmacist on the corner .
different artificial sweeteners are used instead of sugar to give diet soda a sweet taste and some are often used combined with one another .
some of a subsidiary alliance were : under this doctrine , indian rulers under british protection surrendered the control of their foreign affairs to the british .
some philosophers hold that this ‘extrafictive’ use of fictional names shows that ‘spongebob’ has a reference outside the fiction (for example, that it refers to an abstract entity).
“although the results seem to imply that new memories were formed by the artificial stimulation (rather than the actual environment), this kind of phenomenon is still a long way from most people’s idea of memory,” he said.
but instead of instant radiation, we focus on the radiation emitted during the finite interval of time.
a total of 44 nations sent athletes to compete at the paris games .
what is unusual is the overall tilt of the plateaus and hills .
the province is a popular place among tourists because of its beaches and resorts .
we were talking about childhood stories and they shared theirs with us .
many of anderson’s students expected his philosophy to re-emerge stronger following the inevitable decline of linguistic philosophy and the renewed interest in metaphysical questions which followed this decline.
that's a shame, for this issue was supposed to be his calling card to latino voters.
each jockey wears a different color .
he is the man whose daughter is missing .
you'll have a cat.
the following table contains a list of point groups labeled using the schoenflies notation , which is common in chemistry and molecular spectroscopy .
the academic senate, with the approval of the town council, also issued an official condemnation of cartesian philosophy.
the public will be happy, too."
a skin prick test , the most efficient diagnosis , shows the reactions in a short period .
at present , over 700 teachers work at the departments of the university .
the movement is controversial .
her mom looked at the letter.
in many countries the manufacture or possession of a pipe bomb is a serious crime , regardless of its intended use .
the percentages of children diagnosed with allergic rhinitis and eczema have both trebled in the last 30 years.
prisoners used to get one meal a day.
it is those random, capricious, frequently dangerous behaviors that allow fragile, brittle, bankrupt north korea to force its dazzlingly successful neighbor, south korea, to maintain a constant state of alert, to wonder if its capital city can survive an attack across a border that lies just 35 miles away.
a man should take his hat off in the house.
your new kitchen table looks just like ours , except for the color .
he called up joe.
larra lived long enough to prove himself a great prose-writer during the 19th century .
the methods for achieving obedience are varied, and depend heavily upon the foresight that the prince exercises.
this is a library, so you have to shut up.
i live by school; if you want, we could meet there.
egalitarianism can be formulated with a variety of roles in mind.
noodles are usually cooked in boiling water , sometimes with cooking oil or salt added .
if the receiving rat failed at the task, the first rat was not rewarded with a drink, and appeared to change its behaviour to make the task easier for its partner.
they 've been calling around to find someone to cook .
dumor died suddenly on 18 january 2014 , in london after suffering cardiac arrest .
his interests included linguistics , archaeology , biochemistry and music .
the electrolysis of water is a simple method of producing hydrogen .
the little girl placed the doll carefully on her bed and kissed its cheek as gently as if it were a real boy .
you may change your major if you discuss it with your advisor .
sandra picked up the bag of peanuts.
an aerostat is a system that remains aloft primarily through the use of buoyancy to give an aircraft the same overall density as air .
his sister lived in another city.
we know of about 3,000 of these nebulae in our galaxy , compared to 200 billion stars .
jacobi then concluded the book with rambling extensive quotations from sundry theologians, and ‘sealed’ it (his expression) with an excerpt from lavater.
mr. jackson 's office is big and it 's very easy to find .
the game starts by purchasing foods , toys , and furniture to attract cats to the player 's home .
the holotype specimen was likely not fully grown when it died .
they don't belong on the ground.
there are 3 urban communities and 111 rural communities .
but the senators suggested it had implications for the privacy of americans’ communication.
there are several common methods used to enlarge piercings , of various origins and appropriate for different circumstances .
in the center of a village the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within .
why low heat?
chocolates and flowers are commonly given as gifts during valentine's day, as are accompanying greeting cards (greeting card companies release new valentine's day designs annually).
the main chemical pathways of water at each of the star-formation stages have been identified and quantified.
in the gregorian calendar , 303 of every 400 years are common years .
it was time for bed.
given a function and a point in the domain, the derivative at that point is a way of encoding the small-scale behavior of the function near that point.
since 17 march 1982 , he has been in a coma following an operation .
what do i do?
she began to walk more and more slowly .
i cost thousands of dollars each year, says another, which adds that teen parents should expect to spend more than $10,000 a year to raise their child.
because his fingers were broken , he could no longer play the piano .
the fossil has most of the face and mandible with teeth and , uniquely , a natural endocast of the braincase .
the musical film was a natural development of the stage musical after the emergence of sound film technology .
what time should i pick you up?
syncopation has been an important element of musical composition since at least the middle ages .
the rationale for the designated hitter rule arose comparatively early in the history of professional baseball .
at the end of the day, however, national sovereignty trumps these efforts, leaving any state free to follow its own path for governing its people.
she wanted to get a nice birthday card.
this myth-making, and its inherent contradictions, are in full display in rick santorum's bizarre opinion essay published last week in the daily beast.
the area of the canton is 991 km and is usually divided into three hilly areas .
to emphasize that adversarial attacks are possible in practical conditions, we separately review the contributions that evaluate adversarial attacks in the real-world scenarios.
pilcher died on 6 february 2019 from a stroke at the age of 94 .
his dad put yellow corn on the plate.
a total of 47 countries entered the qualification , including south africa , which automatically qualified .
with its annual production of 4.2 million tons per annum, tanzania is the leading producer in africa, and accounts for 3.8% of the world’s sweet potato production (fao, 2020).
and that was the moment when my computer died .
at the same time, the researchers shone light into the mouse brains to activate their memories of the first chamber.
the species that produces tetanus appeared in soho and bacteria that cause dysentery appeared at a station in the bronx and another in harlem.
it can also be used as a gender neutral third person singular pronoun .
there were about eight peanuts on the table.
it is sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of using terms of reference .
the solitary short- beaked echidna looks for a mate between may and september ; the precise timing of the mating season varies with geographic location .
he pointed to the fact that between 23 and 36% of all birds, mammals and amphibians used for food or medicine are now threatened with extinction.
there are many biofuel options which are available .
"we charge only $25 for adults," the instructor said.
they typically enter the nests of pollen- collecting species , and lay their eggs in cells provisioned by the host bee .
the convention is about what a state is and what rights and duties a state has .
we can watch the planes from here .
sometimes the baby would not stop crying .
before the event went live on pay-per-view , an 18 - man interpromotional battle royal was held .
there are 12 described genera and 43 described species of erinaceid .
initially, descartes joined the debate merely by advising regius how to respond appropriately to voetius.
she goes to the zoo.
in the sunday paper every week was included a weekly magazine .
but pyongyang has launched deadly attacks.
for machiavelli, power characteristically defines political activity, and hence it is necessary for any successful ruler to know how power is to be used.
whenever i need to buy something new , i search for information in a catalogue .
one of the goals of compilers and processors designers is to use as much ilp as possible .
truth and fiction are hard to tell apart.
she went down to the first floor.
during the third hour , an autopsy was performed .
no, it was there before.
in most parts of the world , dial - up service was the most common way of connecting to the internet in the late 20th century .
they also appear in various folklore , remedies , and traditional usages around the world .
the silvertip shark is a robust and streamlined species with a moderately long , broad snout and large , round eyes .
it's easy, sharon.
“anywhere else in europe, this place would have the utmost protection, but here they want to get rid of it all and cover it with buildings,” he said.
in a statement, cnn said, we have provided comprehensive coverage of all sides of this story, adding that the network's reputation is based on reporting global news accurately and impartially.
the film was very well received by critics and audiences .
but if that is the key idea, then it is hard to see why we should not simply use that as the definition and leave out the problematic talk of laws.
asked the fox.
yes, of course.
teams are given up to four clues .
for centuries, philosophers have felt that there is something wrong with this proof, but kant was the first one who was able to point out a possible error: he argued that the mistake of the “ontological argument” lies in the treatment of existence as a “real predicate”.
this permit will allow us to serve food and drinks in the festival .
most video games have one player character for each person playing the game .
there are not as many symphonies in a major as in d major or g major , but more than other sharp keys .
she was the woman whose name was forgotten .
let me get some medicine.
now her nails were nice and short.
she gave her daddy a big hug.
i am not very interested in him either .
as of , there are eight living former prime ministers of egypt , as seen below .
at straight rail 's inception there was no restriction on the manner of scoring .
over his next nine fights , rose had a record of eight wins and one loss , with one knockout .
for 2007 , d'ambrosio took part in the first season of the international formula master series .
i'm from qatar.
after new zealand ended its provinces in 1876 , they began using a county system as in other countries .
popular science is a bridge between scientific literature as a professional medium of scientific research , and the realms of popular political and cultural discourse .
he never drank anything inside his car.
she had two worms in her mouth.
despite no longer being in widespread use , the rod is still employed in certain specialized fields .
she said, "anytime between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m." he said, "i have to work.
of course these strategies can be combined by a single philosopher.
chain- driven transfer cases use a chain to drive most often only one axle , but can drive both axles .
mickey lent goofy his gloves .
the key was to ensure that the way clouds form in the real world was accurately represented in computer climate models, which are the only tool researchers have to predict future temperatures.
he issued a clarification of his remarks on monday's situation room, saying that by goons and thugs, he meant the chinese government, not the chinese people.
the song is about the singer asking her lover not to end their relationship .
an attack where a wrestler will strike an opponent using the knee .
i have just finished my homework .
rat snakes are commonly kept as pets by reptile enthusiasts .
her arms were tanned to a golden brown .
sherry was younger than nick.
ukrainian soldier killed a homemade bomb exploded near ukrainian soldiers who were in the eastern donetsk region monday, killing one and injuring another, ukraine's defense ministry said.
many right -wing politicians supported the proposal , meaning it would reduce unreported employment .
police officers are law enforcement professionals whose job it is to protect citizens, solve crimes, and assure that rules and regulations are followed.
but an mit professor, donald sadoway, offered reason to hope that the use of non-carbon-emitting solar and wind power could become much more widespread through a new battery technology he and his students are developing to store power for use at times when the wind stops and the sun sets.
before you check out the book, the librarian checks it for damage.
many cyanides are highly toxic .
boeing was aware that its low airspeed warning system was inadequate, the suit states.
the clock moves slowly.
she ate a hamburger or hot dog for lunch.
the keys were on the kitchen table.
some of these beliefs are partly true .
that's one of the great perks of higher education.
he let the filler dry overnight.
unlike the us , countries in europe impose substantial taxes on fuels such as gasoline .
“we are here because we hate the government.
a move in which a wrestler jumps / falls down on an opponent driving his knee into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
how far along is michelle?
when the doorbell rang i hurried to the door because i knew the book i ordered had finally arrived .
the rise of ride-sharing services like uber and lyft – essentially taxis booked at the click of a smartphone button – and apps like waze, which uses real-time traffic data to find the quickest routes for drivers, are dramatically changing how people get around and affecting the very way in which traffic moves through a city.
bridges longer than 100m .
it is where a wrestler delivers an overpowering open - hand slap to their opponent .
i 'm your new diving instructor .
it's going to celebrate a sheriff that's frankly scaring this community, a sheriff that has seen violent crime increase significantly in his county, a sheriff that is racially profiling the latino community, and i doubt that the show is going to reflect that, said paco fabian, spokesman for the immigrant-rights group america's voice.
mr. johnson 's wife must care a lot about their dog .
access to this area was also added into the neighboring east stand on several levels .
it should be noted that over many years, jack cafferty has expressed critical comments on many governments, including the u.s. government and its leaders.
jaspillite is also formed as exhalative chemical sediments in certain lead-zinc ore deposits , and as a hydrothermal alteration facies around submarine volcanism .
the bacteria that cause urinary tract infections typically enter the bladder via the urethra .
he cited “the need for both parties to find common ground and take steps together to help our economy grow and create jobs, which is critical to solving our debt”.
she won the nobel peace prize in 1991 for campaigning for democracy, and spent nearly 15 years under house arrest during decades of struggling to end almost half a century of army rule.
he was charged with making a false report .
the vampire squid likely reproduces slowly by way of a small number of large eggs .
hi carolina, i just wanted to write and say thank you for everything.
european perch lives in water which contains no salt or very little salt .
in the court of public opinion, many have already concluded that there is something to these mounting accusations.
natural selection is seen in action in the development of antibiotic resistance in microorganisms .
[3] liu hui independently employed a similar method a few centuries later.
the major industry in recent times is tourism .
until the mid-19th century , mexico was the chief producer of vanilla .
as a result, it is currently being used to decipher hard scientific problems at an unprecedented scale, e.g.
on 6 october 2012 three soccer grounds using artificial turf were opened .
normally , battle royale players are only given one life to play ; any players who die are not allowed to respawn .
endgames can be classified according to the type of pieces remaining on the board .
he picked up her car the next day.
gomes, who attempted to commit suicide while in north korean custody, was believed to be a christian activist.
she put the plate in the sink.
he waited until 11 p.m.
there were 46 tornadoes confirmed in the united states in november .
sweet potato lies within its adaptability to marginal conditions such as drought, low soil fertility, and thus make it ranked highly as food security crop when local staple crops such as maize and rice fail (hki, 2012; waziri, 2013).
if i tried and failed , would you be disappointed in me ?
he gained international fame for his painting, sculpture and drawings after winning the grand prize at a prominent art biennial in south korea.
the colors indicate the political party or coalition of each president at election day .
the contributory principles do not themselves tell us how to determine that balance.
choose the best answer according to the text.
i will call you after i get out of work.
john and sarah like to play with the dog.
michelle turned the tv on.
the park currently charges gate fee of ksh 430 to citizens and ksh 4300 to foreigners.
that is when the fish are hungry.
even in successful countries such as indonesia and vietnam, the proportion has been 20%.
in rocks of the mesozoic era , gastropods are slightly more common as fossils ; their shells are often well preserved .
both the republican house speaker, john boehner, and the democratic leader in the senate, harry reid, spoke about a need to work together to resolve the crisis, but it could turn into one of the biggest clashes yet between the white house and congress under obama’s presidency.
thus, some collections, like the collection of all sets, the collection of all ordinals numbers, or the collection of all cardinal numbers, are not sets.
and unless he can offer new ideas, his climb to the republican nomination will be steep.
many of the greek city - states also had a' god ' or' goddess ' associated with that city .
fine, here you go.
he poured the oil into the skillet.
declaring sanctions to be tantamount to a declaration of war, north korea threatened further missile and nuclear tests, which it said are a new phase of confrontation with the united states.
a recording medium is a physical material that holds data expressed in any of the existing recording formats .
as coordinating minister of strategic sectors he was responsible for the building of several hydroelectric power plants the he had to borrowed money from chinese banks to build .
algae have evolved a number of symbiotic partnerships with other organisms .
at a time like this, we can’t risk partisan bickering and political posturing.
this is why putin's latest ambitions have to be checked.
for most of the first half of the 20th century , with a few exceptions , petticoats were out of fashion .
there are also arguments about if all the pieces are part of the same stele or come from different copies .
european leaders are looking for obama to keep u.s. troops at their current levels, although the obama administration has urged europe to share more of the burden of its own defense.
the logic of the dialectical school thus was a precursor of stoic logic.
the area was settled in 972 .
observations , lab measurements and modeling are the three central elements in atmospheric chemistry .
visitors can reach the top of the space needle by elevators that travel at .
they built a big sand castle.
dormitory plural dormitories (n) 1. a place where many people sleep 2.
no birds live in that forest .
then nancy smiled.
she wanted to have a baby girl.
let 's get mom a bracelet for her birthday .
credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
as well as the version played on television , there was another , more graphic version created .
i thought i had my own keys but picked up john 's by mistake .
males and females have different vocal fold sizes .
the doctor says that nothing is wrong with frank's body.
four days since impact , food is in short supply across the entire planet .
experimental physics , engineering and technology are related .
do you have kids ? how many ?
they spend 20% of their time viewing short video clips, for example on youtube, or news clips distributed via facebook and other social sites.
i can't do that.
if i had gone with you , i would have missed the delivery .
the painters all wore work pants .
the first edition of 1771 covered 45 objects numbered m1 to m45 .
many motherboards will display a warning message when a disk drive is approaching failure .
okay, i'm only one minute late.
the cluster contains a dozen of o-type main sequence stars , of which at least three are eclipsing binaries .
the treaty also encompasses a mutual , cooperative approach to environmental technology regulations and energy conservation ; and toward international finance and trade .
we have been to england as well as to france .
milkweeds have three defenses to limit damage by caterpillars and other insects : hairs on the leaves , toxins , and latex fluids .
it is too far for jamie to walk to , especially because she is pregnant and easily exhausted .
these are seashells , the shells of various marine mollusks including both gastropod and bivalves .
1),[2] possible exceptions have been recognized (miller 1992: 87; miller 2000).
the amount of fuel used to find specific impulse can be measured in different ways .
acting assistant attorney general rita glavin announced krumpf's deportation thursday.
in the final part of the experiment, the team placed the mice back in the first chamber.
in the early twentieth century , the city was used for landing and refueling by long distance airplane flights between europe and australia .
﻿piles of digitized material – from blogs, tweets, pictures and videos to official documents such as court rulings and emails – may be lost forever because the programs needed to view them will become defunct, google’s vice-president has warned.
early visual kei bands were strongly influenced by glam rock and heavy metal .
those are capabilities that deal with ongoing operations in afghanistan, but also capabilities to deal with 21st century threats, including beefing up our cyberdefenses and embracing the deployment of missile defenses to protect european territory and populations against the growing threat of ballistic missiles.
during the year 1641, this pattern of prior consultation with descartes continued; regius accepted many of descartes’ suggestions, and incorporated them into the final versions of the disputations.
in 2004 , the national university system changed .
the lawsuit alleges that some equipment on the plane was improperly installed or defective, resulting in inadequate warnings for the pilots about low airspeed.
it is very difficult to untangle that.
crystalline ceramic materials are not amenable to a great range of processing .
according to the united nations, more than 100,000 people have been killed since fighting began.
this is a list of the tallest structures in australia .
there is an urgent need for more doctors who are willing to volunteer in africa .
the emerging doctrine of responsibility to protect civilians has even been applied to prevent the slaughter of civilians in libya.
white 's fiction uses humor , ornate prose , shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique .
over 120 species of cuttlefish are currently recognized , grouped into six families .
he pulled the nail out of the wall.
i love to color.
access to this area was also incorporated into the neighboring east stand on several levels ; the spectator capacity of the structure is 202 .
something was always missing in these early ventures -- either the technical approach required some unobtanium technology to be invented, the advocate had good ideas but no money or the build it and they will come philosophy showed total naivetã © in business and marketing.
“it’s only possible through the will to do it and absorb the costs,” kcho told the associated press.
insect galls on plants give some herbivorous insects their own microhabitat .
in popular culture , cyanides are said to be highly toxic .
he couldn't find his pen.
his thesis is that the practice of confining the mad is a transformation of the medieval practice of confining lepers in lazar houses.
it measures approximately 117 km2 and is situated at 7 km south of nairobi’s central business district (gok, 2012).
wistrich died of a heart attack on may 19 , 2015 in rome , italy .
michael thali, the director of zurich’s institute for forensic medicine in europe, and one of the inventors of virtopsy, said it had the potential to revolutionize criminal investigations.
stevenson's talk drew a standing ovation -- and the following day, after ted curator chris anderson appealed for funds, anderson said $1.12 million had been raised for stevenson's nonprofit on the spot.
security measures have intensified since the devastating bombing of the national security crisis cell in july 2012, when four of assad’s most senior aides were killed.
can you give me a hand, nancy?
i can't believe it.
paralysis is most often caused by damage in the nervous system , especially the spinal cord .
one of the problems with the plan was the availability of landing ships .
for 2 bucks, i'd better love the movie.
the following table lays out the chronology of the construction of most of the major pyramids mentioned here .
standing ovations are also often given in a sporting game to reflect an outstanding individual performance .
the second half of glycolysis is known as the pay-off phase , characterized by a net gain of the energy - rich molecules atp and nadh .
it'd take quite a while to list everything else that today's massive grocery stores sell, but most customers take the opportunity to shop for staples, or foods that play a prominent role in the average diet, at the establishments.
now, you can only check out this magazine for one week.
below that is the mouth, or a wide, cavernous organ that chews food, removes bacteria, helps with breathing, and more.
he wanted to have a baby boy.
the climate of the region is subtropical monsoonal with mean annual rainfall of 1579 mm that occurs from june to september and is highest in august .
this event shows who has the hardest shot .
the painter ’s oeuvre is characterized by an audacious interplay of light and shadow, challenging conventional aesthetic paradigms .
while the cause of the common cold has been known since only the 1950s , the disease has been with humanity since ancient times .
its definition is thus to some extent one of historical convenience.
the level of enthusiasm that has surrounded star wars for at least the last two decades is evidenced by what has become known as the “expanded universe”: the plethora of novels, comic books, video games and merchandising that lucasfilm has created or licensed over the years.
none of the people running for the last train were able to board .
ullsten died on 28 may 2018 at the age of 86 .
the speech lasted 43 minutes and 2 seconds and contained 4931 words .
you graded my test incorrectly.
meteorologists can use computer algorithms .
there were no empty tables.
well, you should do your laundry then.
this has determined the path of demythologization … .
the remarks generated controversy .
how could anyone have eight babies at one time?
the river is known for its water mills ; during the 1950s , they numbered approximately 18 .
anderson acknowledges that agencies such as the cia could teach agents how to counter the full-body motion method by freezing their bodies but he said that in itself would be a giveaway.
the hazel dormouse needs different food sources at different times of year to survive .
they look funny when they walk.
some mathematical notations are mostly diagrammatic , and so are almost entirely script independent .
the main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture .
a century ago, venice – one of the most beautiful and low-lying cities in the world – used to flood around ten times a year.
thank you, donna.
tuning forks are also used in alternative medicine , such as sonopuncture and polarity therapy .
he 's very keen on getting a puppy .
the film won two wac awards of its eight nominations .
its presence is revealed by a keyhole - shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton .
the third theme was used from 1962 - 1967 .
china also has a variety of forest types .
why do they walk so funny?
the movie 's dvd was released on october 10 , 2006 .
skirton died on 11 or 12 may 2019 , at the age of 80 .
studying geophysics may help with problems such as mineral resources , reducing natural hazards , and protecting the environment .
please raise your hand, karen.
i like jelly.
cool, see you later.
then what would she do?
don't pull my chain.
there were lots of goats in greece .
silicon is a chemical element .
cnn reached out to boeing for comment about the lawsuit.
contributions to painting and architecture have been especially rich .
they stood watching us from the window .
[2] the purest form of reductionism was propounded by the famed atomist democritus (c. 460–370 bce).
she used to eat ham.
in this region , iran is home to the most sites with 13 sites .
they are generally regarded as subsidiary to the lectures and syllabus of an andersonian apprenticeship.
this system allows us to monitor all in-coming and out-going payments .
images and videos showing male bisexuality have been more popular since the start of internet pornography .
martin van vliet, a researcher at the african studies center in leiden, the netherlands, said that while timbuktu was no longer a city of vital economic or military importance, it stood out as an important prize for the rebels due to its symbolic significance.
if it was n't a question of time , i would be finished by now .
the uk’s submission to the un, which oversees the convention, said that it “acknowledges and respects the cultural importance of the coca leaf in bolivia”, but it adds: “the united kingdom is … concerned that the reservation could lead to increases in coca production and – crucially – the amount of coca diverted to the cocaine trade.
this species breeds in colonies on coasts and lakes .
all the floats are beautiful.
in prehistoric times montane forest occupied covered one third of the land of present- day rwanda .
fibroblasts are similar to cellular automata , as each fibroblast only interacts with its neighbors .
garden dormice are usually 10 to in length , with the tail adding another 8 to .
obama reiterated his belief that the u.s. congress should pass the new start nuclear control treaty, which the u.s. and russia agreed on last spring but has not been ratified by either nation's legislatures.
the rare earth elements are often found together .
﻿in homes and cafes across the country, a cup of tea, baked beans on toast and fish and chips have long played a key role in the british dining experience.
drive home safely.
some stores will charge a set amount per pound of fruit, and will weigh customers' fruit purchases and bill them accordingly; other stores will charge customers for each piece of fruit they buy, or for bundles of fruit (a bag of bananas, a bag of apples, etc.
are you on the field hockey team ?
cork led 1 - 9 to 1 - 6 at half -time , but went on to rue missed chances .
lashkar-e-jhangvi has not been obviously active in afghanistan since it maintained training camps there during taliban rule in the 1990s.
brent was at the stop light.
“large-scale metadata surveillance programmes, like the nsa’s, will necessarily expose highly confidential information about ordinary citizens,” the scientists write, adding: “to strike an appropriate balance between national security and civil liberties, future policymaking must be informed by input from relevant sciences.” ross anderson, professor of security engineering at cambridge university, said the study provided numbers that discussions can now be based on.
she got a chance to go study in europe.
at the very least, this means that it is impermissible to kill one person to save another.
the province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
calcium is very important for the human body .
the term originally meant the portions of a log which one had split lengthwise into four or six sections .
unique among the united states , alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents .
the season has changed and the warm spring air has given me hope .
the tiger shark is often found close to the coast , mainly in tropical and subtropical waters throughout the world .
it was such an easy solution.
in canada and the united states , neighborhoods often have official or semi-official status .
my father told me to put my money in a bank .
photos: new york recovers from sandy in particular, the obama campaign challenges romney's contention that increased economic growth from the tax cuts combined with shifting current federal responsibilities to states, the private sector and humanitarian agencies and charities can balance the budget.
in a sign that regulators are increasingly willing to use more tools in a newfound zeal to rein in monopolistic behaviour in the tech sector, vipshop was punished for violations of a law prohibiting unfair competition, which allows for fines of up to 5 million yuan.
the movie was not a success at the box office .
in the us , greater than 200,000 surgeries are performed each year for pelvic organ prolapse and 81 % of these are to correct cystocele .
dormice are small rodents , with body lengths between 6 and , and weights between 15 and .
japanese has a long history of borrowing words from other languages .
three soccer grounds using artificial turfs were opened on 3 october 2012 .
officials have been sent to round up volunteers from scores of countries to reinforce the international credentials of the ancient indian practice.
a lute has an oval- shaped back , made of strips of wood .
countries using proportional representation have less of a tendency to create a two -party system because successful smaller parties are common .
financial maths is the study of maths for financial markets .
“my work improves the health and hygiene of whole communities.” 4.
music and sport are the only subjects that generally fall outside the station 's coverage .
in the world , breast cancer is the fifth-most common cause of cancer death .
females reach sexual maturity at 4 years while males do not reach maturity until 7 years old .
he thought about all the work he had to do the next day.
“no one is getting buried in debt with klarna,” sykes said.
since she was n't feeling well today , she was working badly .
ambassador to nato ivo daalder told reporters earlier this week.
consider that his fellow contender for the gop presidential nomination, sen. rand paul of kentucky, has been willing to present new ideas to the republican base, such as reforming the criminal justice system and legalizing medical marijuana.
first, the concept of a miracle predates any modern concept of a natural law by many centuries.
they swam in the ocean.
there were cheers when richard buckley, lead archaeologist on the hunt for the king’s body, finally announced that the university team was convinced “beyond reasonable doubt” that it had found the last plantagenet king, bent by scoliosis of the spine, and twisted further to fit into a hastily dug hole in grey friars church, which was slightly too small to hold his body.
the nyala is mainly active early in the morning and late in the afternoon .
i tried to clean up .
so that this effect differs not at all from the first creation, but only circumstantially…” (edwards 1758, 402; emphasis in the original).
ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest .
prior to the start of the season , the divisions of the league were re-aligned to better reflect the locations of the teams .
construction of the bridge began on march 17 , 1952 , at a cost of $ 6.5 million .
the study had several shortcomings.
the government is led by the prime minister , who chooses the other ministers .
krautchan . net is a german- language imageboard whose / int / board is frequented by english-speaking netizens .
the question is used as a rhetorical device or tool .
the park is kenya’s oldest dating back to 1946.
because of their small size , dwarf galaxies have been observed being pulled toward and ripped by neighboring spiral galaxies , resulting in galaxy merger .
in most cases , children belonging to mothers having gestational diabetes are at higher risk of childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes later in life .
where would this scenario leave those who feel increasingly alienated, stifled and marginalized in erdogan's new turkey ?
the british parliament’s home affairs select committee has recommended that bolivia’s request should be backed by the uk government, arguing that it was important that countries remained within the single convention.
there are different fields of deontological ethics .
the earliest anchors were probably rocks , and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the bronze age .
the first land sales took place in 1837 .
slavery had long been practiced in africa .
this version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907 .
amfar also estimates that the sequester could cause about 15,000 americans who need help paying for their medications to lose support from the aids drug assistance program.
debate begins with the object of psychology itself, the psyche, self, or soul.
france is a secular country , and freedom of religion is a constitutional right .
bullfrogs are voracious , opportunistic , ambush predators that prey on any small animal they can overpower and stuff down their throats .
greek philosophy is one of the foundations of western culture .
in 1915 , during south west africa campaign of world war i , south africa captured the german colony .
show your student id card to examiner when you enter the room.
the concert left us elated .
the following credits are sourced from liner notes .
the 1880 census found the population of the united states to be 50,189,209 .
a large temple also had a lot of land and employed thousands of ordinary people to supply its needs .
i wish i had done more shopping while i was in europe but the euro was too strong .
political philosophy began to change enormously in the late 1980s, just before the end of the cold war, with a new invocation of an old hegelian category: civil society, an arena of political life intermediate between the state and the household.
when you desire something, it may also happen that you judge about your desire.
the answer comes out the same both ways because addition is associative .
he died 23 december 2018 at the age of 86 after a brief illness .
there are also support services on websites such as mind’s that can remind you you’re not alone.
regular bus services operate in the city .
his older sister was reading another section of the newspaper.
we must distinguish between the language lm in which mathematicians make their claims and the language lp in which nominalists and other philosophers make theirs.
born in the new millennium, these children have never known the dark ages of dial-up internet and the youngest are learning how to operate smartphones or tablets before they are able to talk.
i will not sell!,” read one post by a participant with the handle u/rhollow1.
the area of the canton is 991 km2 and commonly divided into three hill masses .
i'm really bad at lying.
these solutions are speeding up recycling, slowing down emissions and providing sustainable alternatives to plastic, air conditioning, smartphones and fast fashion.
they cost $20.
thomas died on april 30 , 2016 , at the age of 91 .
most historians agree that the result was not fixed , but the voting process was neither free nor secret .
the movie series has grossed over $ 235 million at the worldwide box office .
many novels of great length have chapters .
no globes of the earth from antiquity or the middle ages have survived .
unfortunately there are two radically different conceptions of what moral principles are.
in the summer of 2014 , during a fight in his house he took a hit to the head .
it was a yellow pencil.
however, he acknowledges that some of the credit must go to another “key member” of the tasting team: lily, the border terrier.
the thing that upsets me the most is that she never realized how much she hurt all those people .
non-saline surface water uses is replenished by precipitation and by recruitment from ground-water .
there is a debate about nuclear power .
sometimes i sleep until noon .
many authors have indicated an integral link between a person 's will to live , personality , and the functions of the prefrontal cortex .
are your boots made from leather ?
in europe , the common crane predominantly breeds in boreal and taiga forest and mixed forests , from an elevation of sea-level to 2200 m .
while the movie is widely said to be a classic comedy today , critical reaction was mixed when the movie was first released .
some enzymes or enzyme complexes require several cofactors .
﻿margaret thatcher, the most dominant british prime minister since winston churchill in 1940 and a global champion of the late 20th-century free market economic revival, has died.
when calculating specific impulse , only propellant carried with the vehicle before use is counted .
it’s unclear why the app remains unblocked in china, though some foreign social sites with small chinese followings manage to operate under the radar of censors, including 8kun, a central hub for qanon followers.
cryptographic protocols are widely used for secure application - level data transport , in order to secure transferred messages .
today we go to the dog pound.
jack was angry.
the mayor got out of his car.
in december 2003 , the main building was closed for repair .
hypereutrophic lakes are very nutrient- rich lakes characterized by frequent and severe nuisance algal blooms and low transparency .
the movie got mixed and positive reviews from critics .
the experiment carried out by anderson and his colleagues involved 180 students and employees at lancaster university, of which half were told to tell the truth and half to lie.
bacteria appeared to reflect the eating habits of various neighbourhoods.
learn to face up to your mistakes .
as the new york times put it last week, the board ?
the wrestler makes a punching motion , but tucks their hand towards the chest so the elbow and forearm make contact .
ordinarily , presidents are elected for five - year terms , with no opportunity for immediate reelection .
let’s come together.
in porto alegre, demonstrators set fire to a bus and, in curitiba, protesters attempted to force their way into the office of the state governor.
amusement park go-karts can be powered by four-stroke engines or electric motors , while racing karts use small two -stroke or four-stroke engines .
investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable and ground .
(wolin 2001: 86) however, these manuscripts also provided marcuse with the necessary theoretical tools needed for developing a critical, philosophical anthropology that would aid him in the development of his own brand of critical theory.
they were complaining about what they see as a lax attitude by the japanese government over the issue of abductions .
numerous nonferrous alloys , cast irons , powder-metallurgy and even plastics are used in the manufacture of gears .
essential information from 167 respondents who were chosen through a multi-stage sampling method for the study was collected through a structured questionnaire.
another contrast is the one between strong, and somewhat aggressive attachment (nationalism) and a mild one (patriotism), dating back at least to george orwell (see his 1945 essay).
some services , such as muzicons , combine emoticons and adobe flash music player in a widget .
then it flew away.
the position of president was created in 1839 .
some items of clothing are designed exclusively as underwear , while others such as t-shirts and certain types of shorts are suitable both as underwear and as outer clothing .
costa rica has developed high education levels .
"because," pam said.
although military options have been considered by the west, it's hard to say whether that would make a difference in reversing the dynamics in the country.
where are my golf balls ?
paramedics must complete a very extensive physical training program that is designed to weed out those who cannot make the cut.
don't worry, i promise not to sell your notes.
up to 2004 , there were six criteria for cultural heritage and four criteria for natural heritage .
in multiplayer mode , up to 4 people can play against each other non-stop .
yes, it is!
early cybermen had an unsettling , sing-song voice , constructed by placing the inflections of words on the wrong syllables .
only online is the situation improving.
in the united states , each state has its own laws .
behavior is linked to the nervous system as well as the endocrine system .
the main assault also jumped off , now attempting to rescue the trapped battalions .
tjapaltjarri paints abstract images of sacred stories and songs from his family 's dreaming .
the first conception, the ‘absolute’ conception, takes a moral principle to be a universal claim to the effect that all actions of a certain type are overall wrong (or right).
they play outside .
he must have misunderstood my instructions .
i knew he was a person who got angry very quickly .
trees from the same region will tend to develop the same patterns of ring widths for a given period .
s of 2011 , there are about one hundred medications in development for hepatitis c.
one look at the exam made her feel nervous .
she turned on the kitchen faucet.
one significant usage of the term shows up in american pragmatism.
a streetcar named desire is a famous movie .
i need to sell some of these books before i can buy more .
there is little evidence that using preventative antibiotics decreases urinary tract infections in children .
she went to get more worms.
directly subordinate to the assistant commissioners are approximately 40 chief superintendents , about half of whom supervise what are called divisions .
the symptoms of strep throat usually get better , with or without treatment , in about three to five days .
juuso died after a long illness on 23 august 2014 , aged 69 .
spain has been participating in united nations-mandated, nato-led military operations in libya.
the song received mainly negative reviews from critics .
although taste responds to real qualities of objects, we cannot replace the exercise of taste with the assent of reason.
his toes were on the ground.
the electrons and the positive ions in the metal have a strong attractive force between them .
yet, despite the many divagations and the pervading preachy tone of the text, there was a definite philosophical message that jacobi was conveying.
the police car turned on its red light.
susan didn't like the color of her hair.
hall spent his career testing the neurological component of fly courtship and behavioral rhythms .
shanbaug died from pneumonia on 18 may 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years .
she goes to the nurse.
regular bus services operate around the city .
the mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in most molluscs .
since the beginning , platforms have been at least 155 m long to accommodate eight - car trains .
ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency .
becoming the first european to reach the city subsequently became an obsession for western explorers, many of whom perished in the desert sands.
for transportation to centers , some offer free transportation , in some cases for persons being released from jail into conditions of inclement weather .
here is the area where the computer was .
many course themes recur throughout the series .
this stellar system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in detail .
the most prevalent transmitter is glutamate , which is excitatory at well over 90 % of the synapses in the human brain .
usually , sandals are worn in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year , because feet stay cool and dry .
the doctor asked.
frozen pizza it is, then!
when someone knocks on the front door, joseph says, "who is it?"
while there is now better diagnosis, the rise in incidence is real, leading many more people to suspect allergies are the reason for their own or their children’s health issues.
i live with my dad.
public attitudes and the actions of stakeholders can play a crucial role in realizing the potential of biofuels .
you call me back when you aren't eating."
she goes to the pool after her last class.
visibility less than 100 m is often called zero .
his car was not okay.
thousands marched in the coastal city of dawei, in the southeast, and in the kachin state capital in the far north, where they were dressed head to toe in black.
all the other students spoke only spanish.
he was one of the best known politicians in sweden .
the participants will include 64-year-old modi, most of his government and, they hope, a range of celebrities.
numbers one to six on the list are about events which are of huge importance , but about which we know relatively little .
note that this criterion has a normative dimension: it adverts to what atheists and agnostics should do when presented with the argument.
the trash truck came to her house.
it will look like pirate.
we deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended, and can not accept it at all, it said in a statement.
the first attack was made on january 17 .
she said: “the us experience suggests that a more efficient gas market, marked by flexible pricing and fuelled by indigenous unconventional resources that are produced sustainably, can reduce coal use, carbon dioxide emissions and consumers’ electricity bills.
the plasma window emits a bright glow , with the color being dependent on the gas used .
but, by then, it was clear the evidence was overwhelming, as the scientists who carried out the dna tests, those who created the computer-imaging technology to peer onto and into the bones in extraordinary detail, the genealogists who found a distant descendant with matching dna, and the academics who scoured contemporary texts for accounts of the king’s death and burial outlined their findings.
from 2014 the museum faced budget cuts that dropped its maintenance to less than r $ 520,000 annually .
hume’s argument is one of the most famous in philosophy.
what can i do?
it has been demonstrated that the general relativistic effects might be important for understanding the features of the radiation coming from the neutron star like objects [1, 2, 3].
she wanted to drive to the mountains.
prime ministers here do n't usually last very long .
the rabbit has soft fur.
the radical act is a refusal of these conditions and an orientation toward social transformation.
would you take the trash out, dear?
was there a man or a woman in the car ?
there are also numerous journals , on - line articles and blogs available .
the palm branch was a symbol of triumph and victory in pre-christian times .
in most games today , the first part has been sung , then the chorus two times .
statistical hypothesis testing is based on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions .
but epiphenomenalism says mental events have no effects in the physical world.
lisa was eating.
the nsa access is part of a previously undisclosed program called prism, which allows officials to collect material including search history, the content of emails, file transfers and live chats, the document says.
though january was the worst month since the onset of the pandemic, the decline in economic activity leveled off in the second half of the month amid signs of a peak in the recent coronavirus wave.
what if we went together ?
that 's very nice of you to say , but your compliments are making me blush !
today , it is the largest public university in bangladesh , with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800 .
we help each other with homework.
if they had seen the fire , they would have gone to check it .
at first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she just wrote for piano .
the term colonialism is frequently used to describe the settlement of north america, australia, new zealand, algeria, and brazil, places that were controlled by a large population of permanent european residents.
surface integrals have applications in physics , particularly with the classical theory of electromagnetism .
if it were not for the heavy snow , i 'd gladly go with you .
the on-ice official category has been in existence since 1961 and since then sixteen have been inducted .
she was britain’s first woman prime minister.
he went through the red traffic light.
there are three ways a neural network can learn : supervised learning , unsupervised learning and reinforcement learning .
all group 11 elements are relatively inert , corrosion - resistant metals .
we heard frogs near the lake .
that sounds perfect!
she liked to eat fast.
the government program helps the people whom you insist need support .
there were no more than ten students left in the library .
emily looked delighted when her mother brought doughnuts .
i am delighted to meet you .
often , the desired trophic index differs between stakeholders .
all the islands are low and flat .
originally , ventriloquism was a religious practice .
there was white rice in the soup.
he pushed it in front of him.
while the hypothesis was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community , it has not been widely accepted within the scientific community as a whole .
that's really kind of you.
global coal consumption is forecast to reach 4.3bn tonnes of oil equivalent by 2017, while oil consumption is forecast to reach 4.4bn tonnes by the same date.
i brush my teeth three times a day on every day of the week .
they had fun together.
the orphanage was run by nuns .
some of the complaints allege that failures may have been related to repairs made in response to safety recalls initiated in 2004, the investigation summary said.
the catalog was full of pictures.
boyce is known for his set of eight symphonies , his anthems and his odes .
the jump — which lessing humorously declined to execute citing old age as excuse (jacobi: 1785, 33–34) — would have brought him to his feet, back on the solid soil of common sense.
in the earliest day of naval warfare , there was little distinction between sailors and soldiers on a warship .
if i were an engineer , i would look for a chemical safer than water to use for geothermal energy production .
from food to fashion, energy to transportation, education to health, the awards showcased an alternative to the grim-future scenarios we are so often presented with and made sustainability tangible to the innovators, investors, consumers and policy makers across sectors and regions.
although geophysics was only recognized as a separate discipline in the 19th century , its origins date back to ancient times .
it's not that i can't take criticism; it's that i don't like jerks.
﻿amsterdam still looks liberal to tourists, who were recently assured by the labour mayor that the city’s marijuana-selling coffee shops would stay open despite a new national law tackling drug tourism.
her mother's birthday was next week.
the group sings theme music for anime which are famous overseas too .
i know, but i like to take my time.
the important material of a given era is often its defining point .
a good boy listens to his mother.
you can see the raindrops hitting the leaves .
synapsids had differentiated teeth .
st james’s palace said the couple “welcome the judge’s ruling”.
they looked for a way to escape .
); other stores yet will simply charge by the container.
he has to clean the floors.
she didn't listen to her friends.
his life-threatening condition is expected to go on for several days, a statement said.
these six divisions regroup to become the three cords or large fiber bundles .
in the tent?
i shall refer to the brand of knowledge descartes seeks in the meditations, as ‘perfect knowledge’.
three major pathways are involved in abnormal proliferation and contraction of the smooth-muscle cells of the pulmonary artery in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension .
the following players have also been called up this season .
the main purpose of an office is to support its occupants in performing their job .
the aikido uniform is called a dogi .
before 2017 , nepal was divided into five development regions which were then divided into zones .
“governments have been quite good at moving people over the poverty line because that is relatively easy – there is a tendency to pick the low-hanging fruit, but they have shied away from the more difficult job of tackling chronic poverty,” said shepherd.
as of 2018 , there are seven living former prime ministers .
negative one has some similar properties as positive one .
freud did not believe in the existence of a supernatural force which has pre-programmed us to behave in a certain way .
sure, go ahead.
he was driving his car.
to diagnose a urinary tract infection in children , a positive urinary culture is required .
he will look for another job.
common-use terminal designs means airlines share check - in counters , gates and it systems .
the galapagos shark is circumtropical in distribution with a preference for waters surrounding oceanic islands .
unlike webber, however, i think that this categorial content is quite widely shared—beyond sartre, beauvoir, and fanon—and must be understood as grounded in the phenomenological approach that so excited sartre (see crowell 2012b).
earlier during the day , two attempts were made by dutch battalions to carry out an attack against the western flank of the german perimeter .
since 2006 , the duo has been seen frequently on variety shows and pursued individual careers .
i buy my bread from a local baker .
that dog running in circles is mine .
lulu's mom gave lulu a piece of paper.
clearly, we do not intend the death of the one, though we foresee it as a consequence of our actions.
the many quirky, mystifying, baffling developments in pyongyang make its young ruler, kim jung un, an irresistible target for comedians.
including a government-funded program for the self-employed, gig workers and others who do not qualify for the regular state unemployment programs, 1.165 million people filed claims last week, down from 1.243 million in the prior period.
prior to the fukushima disaster, about 30 % of japan's energy was nuclear generated.
approximately 1,100 mud volcanoes have been identified on land and in shallow water .
they have high content of carotenoids and pleasant sensory characteristics with color (neela and fanta, 2019).
around one third of all nitrogen oxide pollution comes from road transport – mostly diesel – and, in urban areas, concentrations can rise as high as 64%, european environment agency figures indicate.
she would be fine, she told them.
because the brain can shift slightly during surgery , the electrodes can become displaced or dislodged from the specific location .
although they are the most diverse of the caecilian families , the caeciliids do have a number of features in common that distinguish them from other caecilians .
the following tables include medals won by athletes on oci teams .
the eagle landed on a big rock .
growing up in poverty would likely aggravate any underlying nervous-system deficits, nomura says.
reuters reported in december that apple was moving forward with autonomous car technology and aimed to produce a passenger vehicle that could include its own breakthrough battery technology as early as 2024.
all children need a good education .
next, he turned on the heat.
the novel is told through narratives alternating between two time periods , and is largely told in the third - person mode .
copper forms chemical compounds .
he stirred the eggs.
then danny put polish on the right shoe.
obama has been outstanding to deal with on this and i look forward to seeing him tomorrow so he can see for himself what this hurricane has done to my state, christie said tuesday night.
he never trusts anyone except his older brother .
but the ruling refers only to the 14 pictures that have already been published.
one minute late, one month late, one year late, it doesn't matter.
the terracotta army figures were made in workshops .
all of the women in the room were dressed nicely .
the metal-carbon bond in organometallic compounds is generally highly covalent .
agriculture is still one of the main activities in the province , adding 15 % to its output .
he knows when to catch the bus .
she was wearing her raincoat.
the fire trucks came after the ambulance .
it was a white piece of paper.
tests of dm based on observations of gravitational lensing (e.g., dalal & kochanek 2002; vegetti et al.
moreover, the theory of modalities was believed to have far-reaching results for other areas of philosophy.
my name is charlie.
pi bonds result from overlap of atomic orbitals that are in contact through two areas of overlap .
in reality , a close analysis leaves no doubt that the work was entirely produced in marble .
all known nudibranchs are carnivorous .
of course it may be the worse for being a promise-breaking but the better for some other feature that it has—that of being kindly meant, say.
another danger is that most base jumpers have very small areas in which to land .
eventually , the two women tell each other the truth .
nevertheless, calling putin hitler is careless.
there were dolls from france.
suneel singh, a guru in south delhi, agreed that yoga did not belong to any one religion: “is t’ai chi just chinese?
"it is delicious," his dad said.
on january 17 , 1995 a very powerful earthquake hit the city .
a collection of plateaus constitute a large part of the plain .
on 6 and 7 september 2013 , double international games between sweden and finland with both a- and u23 games were held inside .
the device is a white screen with a multitude of little holes on all its surface .
are we going to the park today, mom?
presidents who have been featured on the cover
there are also journals , online articles and blogs available .
an order can be as simple as setting a date for trial or as complex as restructuring contractual relationships by and between many corporations in a multi-jurisdictional dispute .
in developing countries, on the other hand, farm production activities depend largely on people in the rural areas using manual labour.
under prohibition, regulators have no control over where the product is sold, who sells it, or to whom they sell it.
initially this collection consisted of twenty-two chapters presenting the errors condemned in 1277 by archbishop robert kilwardby at oxford, in 1241 by bishop william of alvernia in paris, and in 1270 and 1277 by bishop stephen tempier in paris (in this order).
it is a long way from my house to yours .
the unit deals with many water issues in industry and mining .
hawks , like most vertebrates , have four types of color receptors in the eye .
grown by an estimated 6.3 million farmers, fields of the crop cover more than 20% of all land under cultivation.
the pool was filled with clean water .
puar died after a short illness on 1 january 2015 , aged 83 .
palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid , followed by crystallization .
people stand with their hands in their pockets.
if the sale price is good, lisa might buy two pairs of shoes.
the hallmark of the u.n. human rights system is its success in elaborating international standards for protecting a comprehensive set of human rights, monitoring statesrespect for those rights and making recommendations for improving their records.
on friday , drivers had a 45 - minute free practice session and a 30 - minute qualifying session .
anderson’s call for a “science of ethics” is not an assimilation of ethical inquiry to the standards of the special sciences.
a low normal to low absolute lymphocyte concentration is associated with increased rates of infection after surgery or trauma .
the sexes usually differ , often in the pattern or number of the black markings .
are you sure?
he likes to drive over 100 mph.
i'm planning to teach english in underprivileged countries.
the dalai lama friday rejected a series of allegations from the chinese government, saying he does not seek the separation of tibet and has no desire to sabotage the olympic games.
the formula is important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry .
but, even if driverless technology were ready to hit the roads now, it would take a long time to get fully automated given the average age of cars on the road is 11.5 years old.
her dad said there is a man in the moon.
yet it is doubtful whether the general versions are the scientifically sanctioned ones.
oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land .
seven main rivers and innumerable watercourses form a network of channels at this estuarine delta .
a fist drop is a move where a wrestler either jumps or falls down on an opponent and drives their fist into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
the case remained unsolved and cold for several years , partly due to the volume of tips pouring in to the police who investigated the crime .
is this the spot where the office is supposed to be ?
she sees a gorilla.
the dogs got tired from running at the park this afternoon .
while admission to some concerts is free , it is common practice to charge money for concerts by selling admission tickets .
the yellow flowers of the plant produce hairy seed pods , with each pod containing roughly a half dozen seeds .
while deep learning effectively captures hidden patterns of euclidean data, there is an increasing number of applications where data are represented in the form of graphs.
he pushed the wheelchair to his home.
he signed up for another citizenship class.
he got out of bed and walked to the window.
you look very pleased !
“i’m not saying it’s a peace-and-love story – coexistence often means conflict – but it’s important to manage that conflict, keep it at a low level and resolve the problems it causes.
rainbands that form near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which can produce tornadoes .
not just the identity of the man in the car park with the twisted spine, but the appalling last moments and humiliating treatment of the naked body of richard iii in the hours after his death have been revealed at an extraordinary press conference at leicester university.
in the meantime, cuba has installed a high-speed, fibre-optic cable under the sea from venezuela and internet users have some access to chinese equipment.
she rejects the narrowly hedonistic view that the value of life is determined by the balance of pleasure versus pain it promises.
there are two types of pages in desktop publishing , electronic pages and virtual paper pages to be printed on paper .
the authors explain that the problems of oil dependence are manageable , suggesting that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have .
the farmer brought his pig to the market .
“what, in reality, they are really doing is marginalizing these people even more by pushing them into the arms of drug dealers who offer them protection.” just when the demand for help has never been greater, state-funded organizations such as kethea have had their budgets slashed by a third at the request of the “troika” – the ec, ecb and imf – keeping the debt-stricken greek economy afloat.
i have been ill since morning .
not every poison has an antidote .
the partial sum formed by the n first terms of a taylor series is a polynomial of degree n that is called the nth taylor polynomial of the function.
the high wages and abundance of available land seen in the late 15th century and early 16th century were replaced with low wages and a land shortage .
the island is also used for private events both large and small .
points are awarded to drivers and teams based on their finishing order .
the symptoms of strep throat usually improve within three to five days , irrespective of treatment .
following two bad accidents in 2002 and 2003 , safety has been a concern at the circuit 's 130r corner .
she said it was too late to change his name.
in 2013 , the church decided use the internet more to reach people , and is building a new studio to begin broadcasting in high-definition television .
during late april , the japanese submarines and searched the area where landings were planned .
in the movies , it seems like only the people who are good looking survive disasters .
the vipshop fine comes on the heels of state administration for market regulation (samr) publishing updated guidelines on how the anti-monopoly law affects internet firms, which said regulators were keen to prevent price fixing as well as the use of data and algorithms to manipulate the market.
but there's tape on it!
the information here are latest updated as of 25.05.2015
little was achieved this day .
the basic parts of the lc - 6 were accepted .
any medication may cause anaphylaxis .
his children had moved out.
the gun can be brought into action fully closed down , the barrel can be clamped and unclamped from within the vehicle .
music and sport are the only fields that largely fall outside the station 's remit .
guilt can sometimes cause anxiety .
there has never been a more romantic story than this one .
the crustal portions of oceanic tectonic plates are composed mostly of basalt , produced from upwelling mantle below mid-ocean ridges .
might not silenus be right in declaring that it would have been better not to have been born, or to die as soon as possible?
nato officials said leaders are expected to agree at the summit on a list of the top 10 spending priorities, including helicopters, transfer aircraft, technology to combat improvised explosive devices and increased medical capabilities.
the cat is small .
she pulled the trash can out to the street on monday morning.
the european union also announced monday that it was imposing sanctions on 15 people who are responsible for actions which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of ukraine.
the lava is usually dacitic or rhyolitic , rich in silica .
when a woman starts to give birth , the amniotic sac should break and the amniotic fluid will leak out the woman 's vagina .
there were blue lines on the white paper.
read more: power company abandons robot stranded inside fukushima plant anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the fukui district court's decision in their favor tuesday.
common medical conditions such as nasal infections , nasal polyps , or dental problems can cause phantom smells .
[9] give an overview of deep learning methods in the non-euclidean domain, including graphs and manifolds.
the company earlier said on friday it had received a letter from the securities and exchange commission following the report published by hindenburg research.
that was the spot where the tree was .
lucy saves linda all of her old sweaters and skirts .
alternating current generating systems were known in simple forms from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current in the 1830s .
nobody liked the new uniform design .
hula dancers know how to move their hips .
a frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different .
one view is that the fight for syria’s capital is coming, but not quite yet – in the summer perhaps, some predict, when the rebels have consolidated their gains in the south.
the tv remote was on the coffee table.
the puzzles in book one prepare for this question, and glaucon and adeimantus make it explicit at the beginning of book two.
he also sounded a main campaign theme by ensuring those hit hardest by the storm that his administration and the entire nation were with them.
lemon sharks do not represent a large threat to humans .
in 2010 , he came out as homosexual .
that looks like fun.
he put it on the chair next to him.
dragons in later japanese folklore were influenced by chinese and indian myths .
the office was warm.
a three-judge panel on the appeals court denied the request last week, saying it was premature since jury selection had not taken place.
the cells of the epidermis can vary in the way they are made and how they work .
he didn't have to study.
the line is used to show that the monarch has granted their royal assent to a bill in order to make it become law .
i told her to visit again soon .
the center ultimately opened to the public on december 16 , 1997 .
because alpine tundra is located in various widely separated regions of the earth , there is no animal species common to all areas of alpine tundra .
the show has a retro-1940s look , with simple animation and colors .
the table tennis section applied for bankruptcy on 3 july 2006 .
the sulfuric acid is regenerated and recycled to the leaching step .
i've tried fixing it myself, but nothing worked.
“one key reason why air pollution kills 400,000 citizens annually is that car makers cheat the tests for diesel cars, causing many times more pollution on the road,” said greg archer, the clean vehicles manager for transport and environment.
the second generation ipod was released on july 17 , 2002 .
hand in your essay before you go home .
"you're under arrest," he said.
protactinium is both toxic and highly radioactive and thus all manipulations with it are performed in a sealed glove box .
tommy said he didn't know.
there's the line to pay.
the date 27 april is now a public holiday in south africa , freedom day .
it 's a good chance to meet a few celebrities .
the sea breeze came through the open window .
altogether , the fauna of the time had many large herbivores and few terrestrial carnivores .
many people recognize the house where hagrid took harry potter to live after his parents were killed .
according to marcuse, the 1844 manuscripts had the possibility to accomplish two things.
she just walks to the mall.
he asked his dad.
cnn's brooke anderson and doug gross contributed to this report.
production began in november 1999 and was completed in may 2000 , with a budget of $ 52.5 million .
producing milk has been part of farming for a long time .
in 2007 , a special tgv set the speed record for rail vehicles , reaching 574,8 km / h.
"marriage is the end," william always said.
what i saw was a failure to act .
since the development of technology , transmission and storage systems have been of immense interest to technologists and technology users .
go as quickly as you can !
the artists who produced these unique paintings used techniques not often observed in other cave art .
in appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
work has started on designing a new tomb in leicester cathedral, only 100 yards from the excavation site, and a ceremony will be held to lay him into his new grave there, probably next year.
in the centre’s courtyard, tech-savvy millennials lounge throughout the day in wicker chairs beneath a white canopy or just outside when it’s packed, tapping away on laptops and tablets or glued to their smartphones.
the work of hooks and later cherrie moraga, gloria anzaldúa, maria lugones, elizabeth spelman, and others foregrounded the need to account for women’s multiple and complex identities and experiences.
the biological model of lust is different from love because it is more like hunger or thirst .
she was drinking beer.
about today's math test.
geordi was born blind and must wear a visor to help him see .
what everyone does accept is that shisha is a killer; and at €2 or less a hit, it is one that has come to stalk greece, the country long on the frontline of europe’s financial meltdown.
has he ever said he was sorry ?
searchers in helicopters combed the mountainside .
these days people rarely buy cds but rather download music online .
those who witnessed the apparition stood in the pouring rain for up to two hours reciting the rosary .
after four hours, there were no more free flu shots.
has the movie just started ?
xenon difluoride is a strong fluorinating and oxidizing agent .
they were talking about the weather.
he had to wear a tie to work .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the country's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports.
the divers were protected by a metal cage .
cnn's jo kent contributed to this report
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of ted piccone.
third, while we think of twitter as a tech company, it is a media company and part of a larger environment that does little to correct its failure at diversity.
solvents can be used to prepare solids by precipitation or by evaporation .
yesterday was one of the warmest days so far .
several times people in australia have wanted to remove the monarchy .
two american journalists -- laura ling and euna lee, who had entered north korea in march 2009 and were arrested and sentenced to 12 years hard labor -- were released in august 2009 after an intervention by former u.s. president bill clinton.
thus rulers were counseled that if they wanted to succeed—that is, if they desired a long and peaceful reign and aimed to pass their office down to their offspring—they must be sure to behave in accordance with conventional standards of ethical goodness.
the first movement is written in sonata form and is in the key of c major .
paypal ‘pay in 4’ service, launched widely across the united states in november, allows customers to split purchases ranging from $30 to $600 in four interest-free payments.
frequency - dependent selection occurs when the fitness of a phenotype is dependent on its frequency relative to other phenotypes in a given population .
tarifa’s mayor, juan andrés gil, declined to comment on the project, but galindo said it complies with environmental standards.
she told everyone to stop worrying about her.
but untrammelled power, with the defeat or retirement of allies who had kept her in check, led to mistakes and growing unpopularity.
the plane flew through the air.
after that , many people contributed code to the project .
that was one pushup.
sometimes couples are polar opposites and have nothing in common .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical forests .
these enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and provide a defence mechanism against invading viruses .
“memory researchers have always recognized that memory does not, as is often assumed, work like a video camera, faithfully recording all of the details of anything we experience.
daveed gartenstein-ross and thomas jocelyn pointed out in foreign policy that despite the u.s. surge in afghanistan, the remote provinces of kunar and nuristan are home to significant cadres of al qaeda fighters, and al qaeda continues to operate side by side with its allies in other parts of the country.
the school counselors called in the children .
a no-hitter is when a team doesn't get a hit throughout the game.
she practiced so as to improve .
most of these positions can be used for either vaginal or anal sex .
our evidence for diodorus and philo confirms that they, too, conceived of logic as a logic of propositions.
he walked up her neighbor's driveway.
military members generally do not have access to women , and often boys are kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men .
there are however many variations , and many surprising aspects .
blood can leave the erectile tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
this perception is reinforced by the fact that annan's plan does not call for al-assad to step down -- a detail that is not missed by the assad regime propaganda machine.
tomorrow she is going shopping.
a vowel may be placed between consonants to separate them .
the kerala school of astronomy and mathematics further expanded his works with various series expansions and rational approximations until the 16th century.
the club 's logo is a green globe with the initials cfc in white across the center , along with twelve white stylised pine seeds .
weissmuller was one of the world 's fastest swimmers in the 1920s , winning five olympic gold medals for swimming and one bronze medal for water polo .
according to 2011 census , vikramasingapuram had a population of 47,241 .
magnesium reacted with an alkyl halide gives a grignard reagent , which is a very useful tool for preparing alcohols .
it was very strong.
(barrett et al., 1987, 413; original punctuation) he clearly recognizes that herschel is here providing a philosophical justification for the project upon which darwin was secretly working.
is it tuesday already ?
independence day , the only holiday that celebrates the united states , is a national holiday marked by patriotic displays .
i would like to increase my internet data.
none of them drink .
three matches happened on the pre-show .
there are many different versions of the lyrics to the song .
mycobacterial infections are notoriously difficult to treat .
it's not uncommon to see shorts, t-shirts, and sunglasses worn by those who're soaking up the summer's hot sun, and to stay cool, many individuals crank the air conditioning, take a dip in a swimming pool, and/or explore the ever-comforting ocean waves.
she wanted a card that was pretty.
constructed from mud bricks and wood in the distinctive sudano-sahelian architectural style, the sankore, sidi yahia and djingarei-ber mosques have been maintained and remain major attractions in the city today.
it is a fallacy because the moral character or actions of the opponent are generally irrelevant to the logic of the argument .
i went whale watching this summer .
so, if rubio is counting on his ethnicity and personal history as the son of immigrants to win over fellow hispanics, he is mistaken.
you can not always depend on others .
hence, the successful ruler needs special training.
construction began on january 5 , 1933 and was finished in april 1937 .
is that all?
"thank you for the apple," she said the first day.
on 8 july 1680 , hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the mode of vibration of glass plates .
the executive branch is mostly about the president and is independent of the legislature .
nightingales are named so because they frequently sing at night as well as during the day .
since 1990 , the president 's term has begun and ended on march 1 .
there are many different treatments for the symptoms of pots .
avant - garde represents a going against what is accepted as the norm , especially in culture .
this has happened in the us, owing to the extraordinary increase in the production of shale gas in that market in the past five years.
north korea on google maps: monuments, nuclear complex, gulags in december, on the first anniversary of the death of its former leader kim jong il, north korea successfully launched a three-stage rocket that put the satellite shining star-3 into orbit.
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-fifth century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .
alekhine is known for his fierce and imaginative attacking style , combined with great positional and endgame skill .
the people reported missing have been found .
all of these animals are omnivores , yet still fall into special niches in terms of feeding behavior and preferred foods .
have you lost your mind ?
we can go on the slide after that.
in this view, she takes sides against judith jarvis thomson, who argued that some abortions are permissible even if we allow for the sake of argument that the fetus has full moral status.
if the public wanted changes , they would demonstrate .
we need to speak english.
the authority of appellate courts to review the decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another .
the typical elements of caper stories are humor , adventure , or unusual cleverness or audacity .
the release of pituitary hormones by both the anterior and posterior lobes is under the control of the hypothalamus , albeit in different ways .
what should i give him?
a senior administration official said in a statement: “the guardian and washington post articles refer to collection of communications pursuant to section 702 of the foreign intelligence surveillance act (fisa).
of the total length of the railway routes 72 % or 2117 km are for public transport and does not include railway routes for freight rail transport .
gilbert ryle listed anderson among the “seniors” who had preceded his own generation: philosophers such as russell, moore, wittgenstein, bradley, stout, mctaggert, alexander, laird, and kemp smith.
they must be exhausted after their three month journey in africa .
zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers , normally through heavy subsidy or commercial sponsorship by businesses .
it's one of my favorites.
bears do not have good hearing .
reynolds was a professor of english for 44 years .
u.s. senate republicans have held up a vote on start, citing a heavy workload, in the lame duck session before a new congress comes in next year, and concerns about the strength of the u.s. nuclear arsenal.
most automobiles today use drive shafts to deliver power from the engine to the wheels .
it’s going to be a long one.” separately, feinstein said that james clapper, the director of national intelligence, had agreed to provide her in writing with a statement about a washington post story that alleged the nsa had intercepted data in transmission between google and yahoo data centres.
“myanmar is rising up to free all who have been detained and reject military dictatorship once and for all.
i'm sorry to hear that.
all we know about the so-called founder of the so-called dialectical school, clinomachus of thurii, is that he was the first who wrote about predicates (katêgorêmata) and propositions (axiômata) and the like (dl 2.112).
eid prayers must be offered in congregation .
data and results from wish are summarized together with those from related open time programs.
largely because of their rugged , inaccessible habitat , they are very poorly known and have traditionally been considered rare .
he learned where to get good japanese food .
at the same time, baryonic gas cools within haloes over some mass scale, igniting galaxy formation.
that was seven years ago.
he took good care of his car.
common nightingales are so named because they frequently sing at night as well as during the day .
some trees were bending.
music was an early part of christmas and its celebrations .
"kill me," nick said.
these five countries are directly qualified for the final .
“i commonly see children who’ve been put on to unnecessarily restricted diets because their parents assume, in good faith, that they have allergies to multiple foods on the basis of 'allergy tests' that have no scientific basis,” said paul seddon, a consultant paediatric allergist, on behalf of the uk cochrane centre, an independent organization that assesses medical evidence.
he lied in order to get selected .
despite their failure to score any hits , the american torpedo attacks achieved three important results .
can i get on the big rides tomorrow?
many of bad religion 's songs are about different social ills , although they try not to ascribe the causes of these ills to any single person or group .
while such views accord no priority to the first-person case, they may see a tight connection between self-consciousness and our capacity to think about others: these are simply two aspects of the more general capacity to think about the mind.
many scientists had thought that the frontal lobe was disproportionately enlarged in humans compared to other primates .
the moves announced saturday came after biden unveiled a host of measures last week aimed at revamping the u.s. immigration system, including a task force to reunite families separated at the united states-mexico border and another to increase an annual cap on refugees.
the momentous role of cocoa to ghana's income in addition to the reality it helps as a key wellspring of work for many ghanaian farmers implies its future against any unexpected conditions should be secured.
all paraves discovered so far have been coelurosaurs .
computer theft is down 50 percent."
from managing power consumption [142] to picking and stowing objects [75], drl stands to increase the amount of physical tasks that can be automated by learning.
this vision influenced darwin profoundly, as he freely admitted.
our professor stopped talking when he spotted a student sleeping in class .
with its conventional and nuclear arsenals, north korea manages to keep the international community, including the united states, scrambling for an approach that might neutralize the danger and send a lifeline to the victims of the cruel regime.
the movement of snakes in arboreal habitats has only recently been studied .
bidatsu suffered from an unknown disease which afflicted him with sores .
this constellation should not be confused with lupus , the wolf .
minerals are natural solids formed through many geological processes under high pressures .
the zooxanthellae benefit from a safe place to live and consume the polyp 's carbon dioxide , phosphate and nitrogenous waste .
i painted the walls an ivory color .
that cruise ship is huge !
if we were in charge of the government , i would pay more money to people who help people than to bankers .
the little boy put his tooth under the pillow to receive money from the tooth fairy .
if i had found an answer , we could have been saved .
the apple had rolled off the table .
give your urine sample to the lab technician .
the tombstones use to have some inscriptions .
she kept it on a shelf .
for what, kevin?
stadnyk died at the age of 45 on 24 august 2014 from a brain hemorrhage .
i'd also like to redo my highlights.
now that you’ve had the merger of global communications, i think you’re going to have a lot more challenges spying on foreigners with implications for us citizens,” wyden said.
as chainsaw carving has become more popular , the makers of chainsaws are making special short , narrow - tipped bars for carving .
(the disparity is often marked in the literature by doubts about whether nietzsche has a “positive” ethics to offer.)
we are asking for damages to be paid to the passengers and asking the court to hold boeing partially liable, monica kelly, an attorney for chicago-based ribbeck law chartered, told cnn on saturday.
a show featuring a lawman who makes jailed inmates wear pink underwear and uses actors to trick suspects, however, is a new twist.
this list is arranged by where the river drains .
he got into bed.
hooks’ 1981 book titled ain’t i a woman?
that's how that court operates -- unfettered by the nuisances of the rules of procedure or evidence.
jack walked toward the injured dog slowly and carefully .
terns breed in noisy colonies and lay their eggs on bare ground with little or no nest material .
it was a bag of roasted peanuts.
my printer ran out of ink .
a stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient key such as 128 bits .
the revolution itself requires the development of radical subjectivity.
while the president and one of romney's top supporters will be photographed together responding to disaster, romney is scheduled to be in florida for three campaign events.
some new state laws amend crime provisions.
i found his keys by the door .
the scarf covered her hair and her forehead .
choirs can sing with or without instrumental accompaniment .
the man said he had a disease.
much of the range lies within a succession of national parks and other reserves .
the badges for enlisted men were cut from colored cloth , while officer 's badges were privately made and of a higher quality .
the bush rat is found primarily in the coastal regions of south and eastern australia .
ri possibly gave birth to a child in 2010 ; sources have reported it is a boy .
this box is from your sister.
a function may differ from the sum of its taylor series, even if its taylor series is convergent.
why are you taking that class?
you are a good helper.
the power company said it would appeal the decision.
potassium nitrate can be made by combining ammonium nitrate and potassium hydroxide .
batting tactics and strategy depends on the type of match being played .
this is not appropriate.
he pressed the button carefully because he was n't sure what it would do .
i need to walk my dog .
restaurants and bars usually will have coasters out on their tables .
the idea of a general bypass around london was first proposed early in the 20th century .
at no point were the three aircraft on a head-to-head course, said transportation secretary ray lahood.
respect for such laws could hardly be thought valuable.
the posterior pituitary is actually an extension of the hypothalamus .
alice said, "but you shouldn't hit your sister, even if she hits you first.
… [such sentences] are true in virtue of meaning given the logical truths (1996, p. 22) in view of this point, in the remainder of this entry we will focus primarily on the epistemological project.
on the other hand, empedocles, an almost exact contemporary of anaxagoras, favored a reductionist account based upon the famous doctrine of the four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
medical issues have been observed to impact negatively on agricultural productivity in nigeria and malaria has been a major contributor to ill health in africa (breman et al., 2006).
these dates could be the king 's birthday and coronation day .
it is very long, with soft sand and palm trees.
dates in brackets represent the ruling dates of the ptolemaic pharaohs .
for those who regard equality as a requirement of justice, the question arises, whether this is a timeless unchanging or instead a variable requirement.
i do n't want anyone to hear us .
these manuscripts could put the discussion about the origins and original meaning of historical materialism, and the entire theory of “scientific socialism,” on a new footing.
zwartbles are now mainly used to produce breeding stock , meat and wool .
“adult eels can be a metre long, or even larger, and weigh up to 2kg.
and those things we 've got to stop doing, because we 're borrowing $1.6 trillion more this year than we 're taking in.
"yes," said doug.
both of these calculations can be computed efficiently using the square- and - multiply algorithm for modular exponentiation .
moods and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction .
thus, the set ℕ of natural numbers and the set ℝ of real numbers have different cardinalities.
anaxagoras (c. 500–425 bce) flatly denied that novel elements can emerge from more basic features of reality and instead advanced the view that “everything is in everything” (there are interesting parallels between this and much more recent arguments for panpsychism by thomas nagel and galen strawson, discussed below).
jenny was inside her house.
the resort initially depended on railroad and electric trolley service .
a bird bath is an attraction for many different species of birds to visit gardens , especially during the summer and drought periods .
the dolmen dates from about 3,500 b. c .
the flavor of matcha is dominated by its amino acids .
many cultures hold some food preferences and some food taboos .
the common legal opinion on federal child labor regulation reversed in the 1930s .
but he lived in an apartment.
in 2010 , there was an estimated 8,638 kayapo people , which is an increase from 7,096 in 2003 .
everyone looked at her.
why, foot asks, can we not argue for the permissibility of killing one to save five in those cases by appealing to the trolley case?
when it companies go out of business, or stop supporting their products, they may sell the rights on, making it a nightmarish task to get approval.
his students listened to him.
black powder rocket propellant is a lot like old fashioned gunpowder .
he heard them cooking.
that said, it is not as though nietzsche is the least bit shy about making evaluatively loaded claims, including “positive” ones.
winners are listed first .
presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality .
she walked outside.
evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle .
the number one question is this: can spectre repeat the skyfall trick?
a lot of the railway track and trains have to be repaired or replaced .
amphibians are the only vertebrates to go through metamorphosis .
alternation between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation is never encountered in animals .
the initial aim of treatment is to settle the symptoms of an acute attack .
in the latter respect, john rawls’s work was influential by developing a theory of justice that tied the legitimacy of institutions to the normative judgments that a reflective and deliberative people might make (rawls 1971).
both at the server and the user level , discord allows users to connect these to their twitch . tv or other gaming service account .
a volcanologist is a geologist who studies the eruptive activity and formation of volcanoes , and their current and historic eruptions .
political parties became legal in ghana in 1992 .
overcast days are better for taking photographs .
it was not until 1715 however that a general method for constructing these series for all functions for which they exist was finally provided by brook taylor,[7] after whom the series are now named.
turtles are divided into two extant suborders : cryptodira and pleurodira .
the sketches themselves were the first ever done in oils directly from the subject in the open air .
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property .
i think they were impressed!
in the us , during the show 's final season on - air , the show was open-captioned ; this was intended as an aid to help younger children learn to read .
randy went to the bank.
his writings and films have continued to have a major impact on subsequent filmmakers .
six subclasses are generally recognized , although many works have included the ostracods among the maxillopoda .
but michelle was still scared.
“it’s a dystopian choice,” says krister lindstedt of white, the stockholm-based architects firm charged with the biblical task of moving this city of 23,000 people away from a gigantic iron-ore mine that is fast gobbling up the ground beneath its streets.
she looked for his nose.
well this is really very nice of you to send me such beautiful flowers .
declines in global demand for electronics products, pharmaceuticals and chemicals were also likely to weigh on the manufacturing sector.
he believed it was his hard work brought him success .
i just think i'll be good at it.
the students celebrating the japanese women's team win stayed up late into the night but cleaned up their mess before they left .
“if a caterer thinks somebody is just avoiding a food because they don’t want to get bloated, they may be less careful.
it was not as bright as the sun.
these include using motion-sensing technology from computer games, such as the kinect devices developed by microsoft for the xbox console.
“we are not having talks with apple on developing autonomous vehicles.” kia shares had jumped 61% after hyundai appeared to confirm a local media report early in january that apple and hyundai were in discussions to develop self-driving electric vehicles by 2027 and develop batteries at u.s. factories operated by either hyundai or kia.
seventy students and teachers going to the united states for summer camp were among the chinese passengers .
it is a beautiful drive to big bear lake.
“these younger people are shaping communications,” said jane rumble, ofcom’s media research head.
the new zookeeper was surprised to see a new baby elephant .
one can and one scoop of dry food.
role-play and fan participation show no sign of slowing: in the uk, event-cinema brand secret cinema have found considerable commercial success with their live staging of the empire strikes back.
it passed the council unanimously, 15-0.
the primary goal of instrument analysis is to quantify an amount of substance .
the authors were able to experimentally determine a rate law at 261.2 k for the reaction of 1,2 - dimethylidenecyclohexane with sulfur dioxide to give the corresponding sulfolene .
he brushed the right shoe until it looked like a new shoe.
new laws going into effect sunday cover some of the nation's most contentious issues, from immigration to abortion, while others deal with tanning beds, tuition and where you can sell a pet.
north korean government researchers announced their country is the second happiest in the world -- second only to china.
in 2015, the kiosks – modelled on those found in africa – will double as dj booths at night.
her son didn't listen to her.
other vegetables such as cucumbers, courgettes, aubergines and mushrooms have gained space on the table.
can i help?
he took all the pieces of carrots out of the bowl.
she wanted a granddaughter.
introduction sweet potato (ipomoea batatas lam) is one of the most important food crops worldwide.
i have to print some notes.
cenotes are surface connections to subterranean water bodies .
it was found yesterday .
“it means that third opinions can be gathered, investigations can be re-examined and cases can be reopened,” he said.
there is some sexual dimorphism in this species .
according to the kenya wildlife service (kws), the park is home to over 100 mammalian species including the endangered black rhino, four of the big five wildlife (lion, buffalo, leopard *corresponding author.
bertrand russell, for example, expressed the view that if hume’s problem cannot be solved, “there is no intellectual difference between sanity and insanity” (russell 1946: 699).
all shrews are small , most no larger than a mouse .
he put on his jacket.
the city has a number of sports teams , both professional and amateur , and a number of venues across the city .
dad gives tim a toy.
she was happy to have eight babies.
228–232 and dummett 1991b, pp.
china's top foreign policy official met with north korean leader kim jong il thursday and the two sides reached consensus about defusing tensions on the korean peninsula, officials said.
“we call it a living container,” says boer.
concern over the intelligence committee’s bill was expressed by independent legal experts, who said the stage was now set for a showdown with the usa freedom act, a bill introduced by leahy and jim sensenbrenner that would prohibit bulk collection of americans’ telephone records.
by clinging to the notion that isolating cuba is better than engaging with the communist country, rubio has marginalized himself on an issue where he could have provided insight and leadership.
let 's meet at the irish pub .
the new technology enabled rapid identification and deliberate alteration of genes for the purpose of changing the characteristics of an organism .
not only did nimravids exhibit diverse dentition , but they also showed the same diversity in size and morphology as cats .
the median income for a household in the county was $ 46,941 , and the median income for a family was $ 52,281 .
the movie gained negative reviews from critics and holds a 23 % rating on rotten tomatoes .
discussions included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits .
no one brought drinks .
hanson’s patterns of discovery (1958), karl popper’s the logic of scientific discovery (1959) and conjectures and refutations (1963), thomas kuhn’s the structure of scientific revolutions (1962), paul feyerabend’s incommensurability thesis (feyerabend 1962), imre lakatos’ methodology of scientific research programmes (lakatos and musgrave 1970), and larry laudan’s progress and its problems (1977).
coagulation begins almost instantly after an injury to the blood vessel has damaged the endothelium lining the blood vessel .
lemon basil has a strong lemony smell and flavor very different from those of other varieties because it contains a chemical called citral .
existentialism does not deny the validity of the basic categories of physics, biology, psychology, and the other sciences (categories such as matter, causality, force, function, organism, development, motivation, and so on).
black tea is the national drink , and is drunk after food is eaten .
there are many changes that can be placed on top of the fundamentals of battle royale .
kodkods are active during the day and night , but they only go into open ground under the cover of darkness .
during may , there were 326 tornadoes confirmed in the united states .
then billy bent his arms.
the water didn't go anywhere.
ultimately, festival organizers hope to make glastonbury the world’s greenest greenfield festival, emulating america’s burning man festival in the black rock desert of nevada, which is a “leave-no-trace” event, where people have to take away all that they bring.
will you give me a taste of yours ?
announced in the evening of polling day , the result was 56.4 % for against leaving and 43.6 % for independence .
casualty estimates for the battle vary widely .
my grandmother keeps a very old pair of scissors in the bureau .
these issues were also discussed in various indian (hindu, jain, and buddhist) debates (albahari 2006; siderits, thompson, & zahavi 2013; ganeri 2012a,b), with a variety of perspectives represented.
now, however, the search-engine firm is embarking on what might be the most significant update to centuries of polar cartography – and one it hopes will help provide a better understanding of life on the permafrost for millions of web users.
initially , women protested because his designs covered up their legs , which they had been unused to because of the previous limitations on fabric .
show me proof that you're a student at this college, and you'll be good.
i will tell my family to save you a seat.
an analysis shows that the work is completely made in marble .
it is funny to see a dog chased by a cat .
lana found a poisonous mushroom in the forest .
arns was killed in the 2010 haiti earthquake while speaking to a church group .
because the verses were written in greek , the keepers would always be helped by two greek translators .
bald eagles become adults when they are four or five years old .
would you like to check it out?
she had watched the news last night.
“we have all the ingredients for an extraordinary bull market in oil for the next few years.” in the united states, hedge funds increased their allocation to exxon mobil corp by 21,314 shares in the third quarter, the most recent u.s. filings compiled by symmetric.io showed.
while there is talk of making blue leds from zinc oxide , ceramicists are most interested in the electrical properties that show grain boundary effects .
have you already done it ?
the bronx, with its diverse neighbourhoods and stations, had the greatest diversity of bacteria; staten island, with just three stops, had the lowest.
test distances would have been shortened from 1,300m to below 700m, minimum temperatures would have been raised from -7c to -3c and more rural roads would have been used.
gifted and talented education has a long history of thousands of years .
actors working in theater , film , television and radio have to learn specific skills .
most of europe lies in temperate climate zones .
one thing that i 've learned is to stay fit .
recent research has shown that lithium has been effective with lowering the risk of suicide in those with bipolar disorder to the same levels as the general population .
at right is displayed the color cerise .
i'm sure i am.
jaggar’s text grouped feminist political philosophy into four camps: liberal feminism, socialist feminism, marxist feminism, and radical feminism.
his stomach was getting bigger.
bismuth is used in alloys with very low melting points .
in many jurisdictions no formalities are necessary to start an association .
he 'd been gone for nearly a year , but she still kept his clothes hanging neatly in the closet .
australia 's external territories follow different time zones .
hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate chopped into small pieces and stirred into milk with the addition of sugar .
a traffic accident prevented us from taking the highway .
a woman whom i admire is angelina jolie .
the distinctive bacteria of swiss cheese were more localized to midtown manhattan and the financial district, and the bacteria used to ferment cabbage for kimchi and sauerkraut showed up in the financial district and bay ridge.
mothers should be aware that gestational diabetes can affect her fetus, says yoko nomura, ph.d., the lead author of the study and an assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at the mount sinai school of medicine, in new york city.
the dog named killer is his .
the purpose of a formal name is to have a single name which is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group .
"did you wash that plate with soap?"
nowadays , the german influence in the state of santa catarina is still very strong .
i love your chicken, mom.
cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food .
for instance, if f(x) = x2 is the squaring function, then f′(x) = 2x is its derivative (the doubling function g from above).
she has already arrived .
the central theme of hydrology is how the water circulates .
iodic acid is used to make other iodates by reacting bases with iodic acid .
taylor's theorem gives quantitative estimates on the error introduced by the use of such approximations.
let's go to rocket boy.
mayor john graham said the digital cartographers were, however, hunted by a herd of excited and curious locals, or google stalkers.
gay couples and their families have lived openly in our communities for more than 30 years, and we know them now as neighbors, family members and friends.
a champion who does not wear the rainbow jersey can be fined 2500 to 5000 swiss francs .
there are more than a hundred different kinds of liver disease .
i enjoy meeting new people and expanding my social circle .
the alpine newt typically lives in forests with good access to water in hilly to mountainous regions .
something was wrong.
the teacher 's arrival ended the conversation between ben and alisa .
i looked for books on my project.
starting from that initial magnetic field strength , the magnetic field is then increased .
theories differ as to how the water entered the tank .
potassium fluoride is prepared by dissolving potassium carbonate in excess hydrofluoric acid .
there was a red car parked there .
i choose not to.
the news of his death brought the meeting to a halt .
skofterud was reported missing in the early morning of 29 july 2018 and was found dead on an islet .
accidents happen everywhere.
okay, but i don't know where that is.
on october 2 , 1658 he was chosen to the council of war .
in december 2003 , the main building of the museum closed for a major renovation .
i'm on my way.
she turned off the cold water.
she was driving her car slowly.
these plants are very simple : they lack an obvious stem or leaves .
to become a paramedic for a county or city organization, candidates must also pass a psychological screening and a physical training program.
the sentiment is the beauty of the object and it is the virtue of desirable human action.
with a wide range of solutions addressing the equally wide range of challenges, we must focus more on the important part of the story that creates enthusiasm and momentum, and spurs action for much-needed change.
her mom said a rifle was behind the locked door.
sensitive issues such as disaster relief generally play to the advantage of democrats and their support for government benefits, especially in a time of crisis when images of suffering victims dominate the airwaves.
they want to drive the country into an armed conflict for power after all peaceful and political means have been exhausted...
the gran valira is a tributary to the segre , which in turn is a tributary to the ebro .
yes, that will be $5 more per month.
no particular vocabulary seems to be required by the basic idea.
nonetheless , the committee is still composed mainly of politicians .
the means of destruction may be more sophisticated in the modern west, and the exploitation may be less direct than outright slavery, but blind, fear-driven domination continues, with ever greater global consequences.
a crossfader on a dj mixer essentially functions like two faders connected side- by-side , but in opposite directions .
the results of the battle had a substantial effect on the strategic planning of both sides .
females bear young every two years following a 160 - to 180 - day gestation .
his published works, primarily articles for the australasian journal of philosophy and psychology and in local journals and newspapers, are difficult without the context of anderson’s broader teaching.
the pumpkin is native to the continent of north america .
the action is the worse for being a promise-breaking.
the extent and nature of the data collected from each company varies.
sometimes certain types of amnesia fix themselves without being treated .
she wasn't married.
cosby's attorneys correctly point out that huth failed to file the requisite certificates, which exposes the complaint itself to attack.
we love to invite our friends over .
16:06 ok. where?
we went by metro .
in november 1942 , a tram was accidentally set in motion whilst parked up overnight .
not to be outdone, isispropaganda machine recently posted photographs showing residents of the iraqi city of nineveh enjoying prosperity... under the shade of the caliphate.
it has been argued that an interstellar mission that cannot be completed within 50 years should not be started at all .
there are 10 genera and 24 species of erinaceid .
but it is becoming increasingly difficult to find any who, when pressed, will defend this interpretation.
"but there is one condition," she said.
he went to jail because he was drunk .
the protests -- which began on the 49th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising -- have threatened to overshadow beijing's role as host of the summer olympic games in august.
did you have a chance to speak to your boss ?
the highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' perspective , was the garden .
"you can't arrest me.
what is it, mommy?
kpd foods bruno silva head of marketing address: avenida paulista 53, bela vista, são paulo, 01311-914, brazil tel: (+55) 11 8134 7706 email: bruno.silva@kpdfoods.com getty telecommunications ltd olivia hoskins international project manager address: 700 rockville street, monroe, new york 10950, usa tel: (+1) 845 228 8396 email: olivia.hoskins@gettytel.com orion education services park ji-yeon director address: south korea, seoul, jongno-gu, sajik-ro-3-gil 23, 30174 tel: (+82) 2 235-6482 email: jiyeon_park@orioneducation.com abc travel rashid khan sales representative address: hajar road, dubai, uae tel: (+971) 4 677 3355 email: rashid.khan@abctraveldubai.com
today , chastity belts are sometimes used in bdsm play in consensual relationships .
the party quickly declined after the 1856 election .
the wreath is one of the odder parts of the flag , added against the rules of heraldry and breaking up the carpet pattern .
sailors check the barometer often .
the assessment of job satisfaction through employee anonymous surveys became commonplace in the 1930s .
the libretto is not always written before the music .
ken yelled when a bee flew close by .
green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to give the flavor .
her son thought he knew everything.
the purpose of this event is for individual shooters to try and score on a breakaway against an opposing goalie .
i can't believe it!
the stuck accelerators are being investigated for their possible role in one fatal accident, 13 nonfatal crashes or fires and eight injury accidents, according to the national highway transportation safety administration.
john was nice to get to know .
i knew all of them very well since middle school .
the handle is made of metal .
they were among 16 individuals accused of fraud and other offences by the us department of justice as it set out a series of kickback schemes in a new 240-page indictment that superseded the previous one in may 2015.
this was an early description of a process of geographical speciation .
on this view, in the case of water and rubies, we discover empirically what those basic elements are and the propositions that state those discoveries are contingent.
the two sides agreed in principle on the need for a third party to monitor the ill-defined border between north and south before the scheduled july 9 independence for the south.
beijing has blamed the dalai lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for tibetan independence earlier this month, but china has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the protests that began peacefully.
in rescue i, by contrast, saving the five is permissible because in this scenario we allow a deadly causal sequence that we did not initiate to run its course.
sandra picked up a peanut.
i'd rather be playing video games.
different filters are used to select the wavelength of light which the solution absorbs the most .
see you soon, mark
despite its growing eco-credentials, critics continue to snipe at glastonbury, accusing it of becoming increasingly corporate in tone.
over 500 atmospheric nuclear weapons tests were conducted at various sites around the world from 1945 to 1980 .
"but, mommy," she said, "i like them all the best."
i told them my dog would stay inside today because of the heat .
the mean is calculated by adding all of the values together , then dividing by the number of values .
tropical depression two -e started on june 16 from a tropical wave .
this is a power of thought, which foucault says is the ability of human beings to problematize the conditions under which they live.
the nsa document notes the operations have the “assistance of communications providers in the us ”.
“it will be essential to reduce uncertainty surrounding the conduct of fiscal policy by raising the debt limit in a more durable manner,” she said.
ryan picked up his little sister and finished all of his assignments before six o'clock .
programs are composed of instructions which operate on values .
to treat the leukemia, he received a stem-cell transplant -- with a twist.
from time to time , individuals joined the order by special permission .
u thant died of lung cancer in new york on november 25 , 1974 .
defense attorneys in july said in court documents that they intend to utilize an insanity defense and intend to introduce expert testimony relating to an alleged mental disease or defect.
the water stayed in the sink.
paul hated changing diapers .
"that's nice, but you're supposed to always pay the rent on time," said the manager.
the following artists spent the most weeks at number one on the chart during the 2000s .
lacking detailed tropical fossils , geneticists and primatologists have used genetic analyses to determine the relatedness between primate lineages and the amount of time since they diverged .
irina bokova, the director general of unesco, has called on the groups to respect and protect the city's heritage.
sometimes , a train does not have enough speed to make it over the 215 ft top hat element .
the displeased principal kept walking around the classroom .
dairy farming has been part of agriculture for thousands of years .
interesting magazine choice.
the city had to force owners to sell the properties to obtain the land for the park , and won the case in 1895 .
female amphiumas lay their eggs in wet mud , and then remain coiled around them for about five months , until they hatch .
i'm afraid i'll have to give him detention this time.
and she's a little girl.
the trash can was empty.
the two types can often be connected, however, through beliefs that one has one’s experiences.
they are expected to be discussed again at a meeting in durban in july.
"let me think about it some more," he said.
she came home every day and cried.
we determine the viability of processing in the ofsp value chain and its contribution to the uptake of high-quality improved planting materials.
bangladesh is used to move narcotics made in neighboring countries .
is it already 5 p. m.?
the people sitting on the train were lucky to have seats .
the metabolic system of an organism decides which substances it finds nutritious and which poisonous .
there are clothes all over the ground!
"be patient," may said.
al qaeda's hope for the future al-zawahiri may be looking to the withdrawal of most u.s. combat forces from afghanistan as his best chance of reviving al qaeda's fortunes.
it is, but they have to be kept here.
despite the signs that layoffs are abating, the weekly jobless claims report from the labor department on thursday showed at least 17.8 million americans were on benefits in mid-january, indicating that long-term unemployment was likely becoming entrenched.
the building was founded as a brass factory .
a neutral atom has the same number of electrons as protons .
she 's on the national rowing team .
the nyala is mainly active in the early morning and the late afternoon .
i could n't believe what he said .
the number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in recent years .
her cheeks blushed red with embarrassment .
we have several things for the committee to consider .
she went back outside.
late fees may apply for missed payments, depending on the user’s state of residency, according to its website.
it will walk like pirate.
if you knew he was lying , would you tell his wife ?
one common theory as to how handedness affects the hemispheres is the brain hemisphere division of labor .
carbon monoxide can also be used in the water - gas shift reaction to produce hydrogen .
in the united states , the issue of mitigating factors is most important in death penalty cases .
bribery charges carry a jail sentence of up to 10 years and/or a fine.
their first world tour took place in october 1998 .
on saturday 2,000 people went to the library.
due to its position , the hyoid bone does not fracture easily .
she thinks he is lazy.
tokyo is preparing for the 2020 olympics .
species that cause diarrhoea and nausea, both benign and bad e.coli (mostly benign), and the bacteria that can cause skin infections and urinary-tract infections were common all over the city.
they were sitting in the nurses ' station .
it had pictures of cows and pigs.
he washed it by himself.
she is younger than you are.
and the evidence clearly shows that effective, legal regulation reduces the harm of drugs better than prohibition ever does.
i lost my mom when i was in college, too.
the development team chose to not include lethal weapons in the game .
(devries 2009: 211) we also agree with jeremy dunham, iain hamilton grant, and sean watson when they write that the idealist, rather than being anti-realist, is in fact … a realist concerning elements more usually dismissed from reality.
about 10 % of all sedimentary rocks are limestones .
i'm good, but i feel a little sick.
she had an umbrella in her hand.
just close your eyes, and sleep will come.
flower died on 2 october 2014 , after a brief illness .
the album has been received well by critics .
an apple spokesman said he had “never heard” of prism.
"this cancer is killing me," he said.
what do you want to see?
people are nomads for many reasons .
until 1 april 2010 the departments were as follows .
historically , many rhizarians were considered animals , with their movement and heterotrophy as justification .
the radio said it was a 4.7 earthquake.
most commercial fisheries do not want to catch alaska plaice ; but many are caught by trawlers trying to catch other bottom fish .
on the other hand, woldeamlak (2003), mushir and kedru (2012), abebaw et al.
before contact with europeans , the indigenous peoples of north america were divided into many different polities , from small bands of a few families to large empires .
one complaint is based on a fatal crash that occurred in january 2012, the nhtsa said.
she ate meat every day.
i'm glad no police are around, he thought.
they want to play.
many professional teams have several coaches .
the song in this clade is essentially territorial , because it communicates the identity and whereabouts of an individual to other birds , and also signals sexual intentions .
the traditional food is famous for many vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes .
sharon jumped into the water at the swimming pool.
theory theorists, for example, claim that we attribute mental states to both ourselves and others by means of a (tacitly held) psychological theory.
the restaurant was on the third floor.
in a third way, “care” is understood as a disposition to behave in certain ways: to be attentive and sensitive to other people’s needs and willing to help them.
technologies and trends that reduce the need for those trips – say, virtual meetings or telecommuting – could also have a big impact on transportation.
tom slept past his alarm so he had to rush to school .
the flag has a white - edged red diagonal band radiating diagonally from the lower hoist- side corner .
fourth , religious groups were not agreeing during the second half of the 16th century .
convective cells may form in the surrounding area of troughs and give birth to a tropical cyclone .
both of his two brothers had been married twice; each marriage ended in divorce.
he always had a toothpick in his mouth .
in the course of these replies to regius, descartes’ name was also mentioned, and it was clear that regius and descartes were perceived by voetius as jointly attempting to undermine the philosophical foundations of calvinist theology as taught at utrecht.
production and consumption of energy resources is very important to the global economy .
sex -linked characters controlled by genes on sex chromosomes are not the only kind of sex-related characters .
i'll be waiting for your text.
the song received widespread critical acclaim .
they look for food late in the day.
waterbeds primarily consist of two types , hard - sided beds and soft-sided beds .
kimberly was not happy.
herbivores depend on plants for food , and have evolved mechanisms to get this food despite the evolution of many plant defences .
a group of university graduates wanted to go backpacking around europe .
his dad was reading one section of the newspaper.
the cars were carried along the river with other flood debris .
a strong tropical wave moved off the coast of africa late on august 20 , and almost convective banding and a broad circulation .
the wheelchair belonged to jenny.
he did n't know how he should state that .
other physical properties are also linked to crystallography .
within his constraints , a serf had some freedoms .
most of the city 's 19th - century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
the islands are designated an' area of outstanding natural beauty ' .
the nose cavity is divided into a right and left passageway .
i think they said it was going to rain throughout the weekend.
he is known from two inscriptions in hieroglyphics .
upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle .
the flu shot made her very sick.
traditionally , the home of the emperor is considered the capital .
radymno is a small town , but it is highly developed in terms of sport .
if she had been with me , i know we would have had such a great time .
newspapers have continued their downward trend in classifieds revenue as internet classifieds grow .
these concerns have intensified due to the actions of china , the predominant supplier .
being the good brother he is , he paid for his sister 's loans once he was able to afford it .
there are a number of different ways to make rocket candy .
he put it on the table next to his bowl.
would you hand me that white one ?
it is commonly observed that schooling fish are particularly in danger of being eaten if they are separated from the school .
not all musical instruments make notes of a certain pitch .
the analysis is conducted on pairs , defined as a member of one group compared to a member of the other group .
although the alligator often moves slowly , it can run very fast for short times , especially in very short lunges .
i do not like rain.
the terracotta army figures were manufactured in workshops by government laborers and local craftsmen using local materials .
he walked up to the front porch.
there are plans to close the nuclear plant .
the animal was extremely robust with powerfully built jaws and very strong fore limbs .
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 410 to 453 .
in some areas , there were violent thunderstorms while other areas experienced beautiful weather .
is my mom okay?
just say what you want to say .
in order to lose weight , he ate vegetables .
the surfers headed for the waves .
shepodd died in august 2017 in london at the age of 89 .
before the advent of iron smelting , meteoric iron was the only source of iron metal apart from minor amounts of telluric iron .
billy is a good boy.
the next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the english .
like all eastern spices , pepper was historically both a seasoning and a medicine .
modi, who started his career as an organizer for a hardline hindu nationalist organization, has been previously criticized for promoting a view of indian culture that has little place for other traditions.
also sunday, the outgoing culture minister warned the gnc's insistence on confirming mitig's government could lead to more violence.
no state has paid any attention to decades of developing international norms on cultural and indigenous rights, which support bolivia’s efforts.” the decision to ban coca chewing was based on a 1950 report produced by the un commission of inquiry on the coca leaf, which proponents of drug liberalization say was not based on supporting evidence.
let 's stop at the bank on the way because i have money to deposit .
plaintiff already identified cosby in the complaint prior to obtaining court permission.
my husband works hard .
ontology, for hartmann, deals with what can be subsumed under at least partially representable categories (see section 3 below).
white house spokesman jay carney insists that differences among democrats over trade issues date back several administrations.
even though astronomers tried to find it again , it has not been reliably seen since .
even at this juncture i have expressed my willingness to the chinese authorities to work together to bring about peace and stability.
oh, that is smart.
in 1892 he went to paris , where he taught singing , and he coached many american and french artists for the operatic stage .
in 1867 , the town had a boom in population when gold and silver were found in the area .
the barn owls ' main characteristic is the heart- shaped facial disc , formed by stiff feathers which serve to amplify and locate the source of sounds when hunting .
recent research shows that lithium lowers the risk of suicide for people with bipolar disorder .
elsewhere, the planet’s melting ice is making cities vulnerable by the less dramatic route of raising sea levels.
she looked up.
winters died on 23 april 2019 at the age of 80 , from congestive heart failure .
it was hot outside.
the mips architecture provides a specific example for a machine code whose instructions are always 32 bits long .
florida has beautiful sunsets skies .
he is a fierce opponent of obamacare and wants the law repealed.
if a player does not roll any pairs during his turn , the dice are passed to the player on the right .
as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 2647 .
fourth is the titanium shield that must be placed behind the head of all dragsters and funny cars down to the alcohol ranks .
she told him to stop eating cake.
"oh, you must want something!"
the couple’s lawyer, aurélien hamelle, had told the paris court it was necessary to block the “highly intimate” images of the duchess without her bikini top as she was a “young woman, not an object”.
nesomyids are small to medium rodents , and the largest is the size of a rat .
a key feature of nmr is that the resonance frequency of a particular simple substance is usually directly proportional to the strength of the applied magnetic field .
watches progressed in the 17th century from spring-powered clocks , which appeared as early as the 14th century .
cohen 2000a; roemer 2017).
the most apparent type of aggression is that seen in the interaction between a predator and its prey .
after the june 1976 protests , he was co-founder of assurance to workers charged by the communist regime .
i'm on my way!
she looked at the man.
but the designs will still be those of boeing and spacex and vetted by nasa.
what she finds most amazing is how some foreigners can live here for decades and still not be fluent in the language .
given the above , one widely held view of the progression of the accounting and finance career path is that financial accounting is a stepping stone to management accounting .
the song is sung by a young man to his lover , and is about his plans of their growing old together .
the airport was closed for five hours after the crash .
attempts have been periodically made to raise sheep there .
he had very powerful legs .
alternatively , mathematicians can integrate the normal component of the vector field ; the result is a scalar .
cenote water is often very clear , as the water comes from rain water infiltrating slowly through the ground .
slugs belong to several different families which also include snails with shells .
the prism program allows the nsa, the world’s largest surveillance organization, to obtain targeted communications without having to request them from the service providers and without having to obtain individual court orders.
dwarf galaxies can be pulled toward and ripped by neighboring spiral galaxies till they ultimately merge .
absent a game changer that will tip the balance in favor of one side or the other, the crisis in syria will become a full-blown sectarian war pitting sunnis against alawites, which will likely spill over into the neighboring countries of iraq and lebanon.
after announcing the site with a tone-deaf post, goldberg was widely mocked for his personal failure to grasp, among other things, how ridiculous his claim to be starting the first site of its kind for women was.
many of the existing plant and most animal species have apparently undergone polyploidization in their evolutionary history .
he had lots of news for his sister.
traffic is really bad.
their book opens with a grim assessment of the modern west: “enlightenment, understood in the widest sense as the advance of thought, has always aimed at liberating human beings from fear and installing them as masters.
"you must always be careful, davy," his dad said.
comparisons between denominations must be approached with caution .
the inverse operation of multiplication is division .
okay, your classroom is behind the gym.
forty - eight people have been governor of the state .
she looks friendly.
most mortars used today are made up of a barrel , a plate for the barrel to stand on , and a bipod .
meet me after school.
she ate bacon for breakfast.
all he eats for dinner is rice and vegetables.
if a funnel cloud touches the ground , it becomes a tornado .
he passes all the other cars on the road.
the cathedral was built on the site of mayan ruins t'ho .
cool, what time do you finish?
because most of these beetles are found living in dead animals , they are studied in forensic entomology .
the settlement was near to the crossing of two old merchant roads and a ford over the river ems .
marine biology is the study of sea life .
the annual ashura celebration in kabul has become more elaborate.
for road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three routes .
gathering was the job of the women and children .
during the spanish civil war he left his work and focused on theater as an amateur actor .
prey includes a wide variety of small to medium-sized mammals and birds .
if i had known it would be like this , i would n't have come !
when she saw her father at the airport she suddenly cried and ran towards him .
amazon has applied for dozens of new domains, including “.shop ”, “.song”, “.book” and “.kindle .
it flies slowly with its head facing downwards , looking for its main food , the large apple snails .
i never sat here before.
the girl playing the guitar is very talented .
architecture is the art and science behind building and sculpture design .
she had time to study.
many locals are also wondering why a resort should be built 10km away, rather than on wasteland near tarifa’s picturesque old centre, with its typically andalusian whitewashed walls and winding streets, dominated by a 10th-century moorish castle.
adult dicyemids range in length from 0.5 to , and they can be easily viewed through a light microscope .
(for a general discussion of einstein’s scientific philosophy, and in particular of his approach to the conflicting positions of realism and positivism, see the entry on einstein’s philosophy of science.)
the battle also showed the worth of pre-war naval code breaking and intelligence - gathering .
do you want some greek olives ?
adversarial attacks pose a serious threat to the success of deep learning in practice.
the congressional budget office estimated on monday that employment would not return to its pre-pandemic level before 2024.
the city hall has a total area of 19,380 square meters including the basement .
can you believe what ishihara said about how all foreigners were to blame for crime in tokyo ?
there is a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy .
the same situation nearly materialized in 2004 .
meet big brother one in eight new yorkers also suffer from diabetes, a disease often linked to obesity, his office noted, calling sugary drinks the single largest driver of these alarming increases in obesity.
my boss works me hard, too.
their wedding rings were made of white gold .
the burgh has a population of approximately 1,300 with about 25 per cent of pensionable age .
jockeys are generally small in stature .
some critics ridiculed him for his style , but he came to be recognized as a self-taught genius .
pots can be caused by many different things .
psychology is the scientific study of human behavior , mental functioning , and experience .
the temporal lobe holds the primary auditory cortex , which is important for the processing of semantics in both speech and vision in humans .
he is a man whom i trust .
he did not stop his car.
the symptom may be helped by taking antacids , such as calcium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate .
for instance, as well as anna being alienated from her government, it might be that women or citizens find themselves alienated from their government.
slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution , generally considered a distribution for expert users .
money can tear people apart.
unlike conductive hearing loss , sensorineural hearing loss is permanent .
her back was crooked .
tidal stream power is the cheapest and the least ecologically damaging among the three main forms of tidal power generation .
the spare tire is in the trunk.
this includes help from the federal government and fema.
according to the study, those born in the 1990s are making 4% fewer car trips and travelling 18% fewer miles per year, on average, than members of previous generations did at the same stage in their lives.
this shows that for the claim existence to have its intended effect, it must be expressed in the language lp used by us philosophers.
the pug finally arrived in the united states during the 19th century and soon became popular there as well .
to ensure that the movements of the fish in the film were believable , the animators took a crash course in fish biology and oceanography .
he went to a religious school where the students often did n't have enough to eat .
maria first was a pioneering housewife and mother .
the bill had passed easily with broad bipartisan support in the senate, where democratic and republican leaders forged the agreement.
while preparing physiologia (regius 1641a), regius sent advance copies of draft disputations to descartes.
this building is for people whose income is quite high .
algebraic geometry occupies a central place in modern mathematics and has multiple conceptual connections with such diverse fields as complex analysis , topology and number theory .
teacher, i have a question to ask.
journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger , especially when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in places that do not respect the freedom of the press .
“the reason our technology is significant is that we use machine learning to make underwriting decisions.” at australia’s afterpay, customers are barred from using its services after they miss a payment.
i prefer mild climates .
kate clark of the afghan analysts network believes that in afghanistan restraint will prevail.
china has said that resource depletion and environmental concerns are the reasons for increased nationwide control of its rare earth mineral production .
in some jurisdictions , specific types of criminal cases may also be commenced by the filing of a complaint , also sometimes called a criminal complaint or felony complaint .
title v includes technical provisions .
john had brought along his friends from college back home .
potassium ions are very important to organisms .
descartes’ (1649) interactionist model proposed that nonphysical events could cause small changes in the shape of the pineal gland.
during world war i , the strait was of strategic significance .
humans, said tv naturalist sir david attenborough in 2013, are a “plague on earth”, but wwf claims there is still time to stop the rot.
in return, prosecutors say, he sought positive coverage of himself and wife sara on a news website controlled by the company’s former chairman, shaul elovitch.
the method has been under development for decades, with the scientists behind it first housed in an unheated laboratory on a university campus where they were considered a bit of a laughing stock.
they “represent a normal, 'healthy' metagenome profile of a city”.
david lost his yellow pencil.
mom , can i get a second blazer ?
the book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming and has been translated into over twenty languages .
is it imprudent and “too strong,” hume asks hutcheson, to summarize the thesis in the following terms (hl, i, 39–40)?
most dolmen constructions they were build using stone slabs of big dimensions .
normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
will has been waiting for your reply for many days .
vijay kumar, an engineering professor at the university of pennsylvania, showed the more than 1,300 attendees at last week's ted conference several videos in which fleets of tiny flying robots performed a series of intricate manuevers, working together on tasks without colliding or interfering with each othersflightworthiness.
despite its relative rarity , kimberlite has attracted attention because it serves as a carrier of diamonds and garnet peridotite mantle xenoliths to the earth 's surface .
only some adults celebrate halloween, and they generally do so by attending parties.
people have had intellectual disability throughout history .
he recently started boxing .
as this overview makes clear, the center of plato’s republic is a contribution to ethics: a discussion of what the virtue justice is and why a person should be just.
these shoes are made to conform to your feet over time .
dill oil can be extracted from the leaves , stems and seeds of the plant .
he had bought it yesterday.
they had funny faces.
1 oil producer, is forecast to be slow and will not top its 2019 record of 12.25 million barrels per day (bpd) until 2023.
while in mexico, obama faced another delicate balancing act over the issue of immigration reform.
his watch was broken ; he had no way to judge if he could arrive on time .
covering an area of 3263 km2 and with a population of about 128,000 it is the smallest , least populous , and least densely populated region of italy .
contrary to some interpretations, horkheimer and adorno do not reject the eighteenth-century enlightenment.
in the 1980s and 1990s , historians have argued over whether this term is appropriate .
a similar tie-breaking rule is round half to odd .
patricia did not have much time.
in both approaches concealment will give way to disclosure and social transformation.
the meeting marks the first between kim and a top official from china since the flareup between the two koreas.
hylids will lay their eggs in ponds .
the best fluid is plain , clean water .
she wants to live 95 more years.
he did ten pushups.
he puts air in the front tire.
i'll shut up if you say you're sorry.
new yorkers are smart enough to decide for themselves what to eat and drink.
although you may not want to remember , i wo n't forget .
teppei 's apartment has many unusual items such as a thai artifact , a 30 - year - old refrigerator that is no longer manufactured , and a crystal apple .
i never want to work for amanda again .
all of you should leave .
much higher temperatures could reduce the length of the growing period in some parts of africa by up to 20%, the report said.
monoceros is hard to see with the naked eye .
i burned my finger .
have you been paying attention ?
he listens to his parents.
the top of a pass is often the only flat ground in the area so it is often a good site for buildings .
he wanted to feed the animals.
the quarter has a population of 17,226 distributed on an area of 4.6 km2 .
birdsong was killed in a car crash on june 4 , 2019 at the age of 59 .
summer activities such as concerts and boxing matches often tear up the pitch .
did you tell her where to meet us ?
the linguist meticulously documented the endangered dialect , capturing syntactic idiosyncrasies and phonetic subtleties .
the complex consists of two temples .
brian said, "this is a clean pet store.
dugongs are more closely related to elephants than to other sea creatures .
i know you.
the practice is generally considered safe sex as long as the hands are protected with a latex gloves .
early on july 1 , a strong and big tropical wave moved off the coast of africa .
the tits are insectivorous , and eat a wide range of small insects and other invertebrates , particularly small leaf-eating caterpillars .
the new immigration bill would allow some people to stay in the country .
the album was a success in the united states .
that formulation of the basic idea is perhaps too abbreviated to be easily intelligible, and certainly benefits from a little elaboration.
the feeling or sentiment is itself an aesthetic or moral discrimination.
in some cases, they began performing rescue, fire suppression and accident investigation activities that might have inadvertently activated the explosive component, posing a great risk of injury, the safety board said.
the book has also been seen as trying to show that masculinity was important in stopping slavery .
117 species are currently assigned to this genus .
there is also a four color theorem , which is stronger , and much more difficult to prove .
﻿it has charted the world’s highest peaks, the ocean floor, the amazon rainforest and even provided a glimpse into north korea.
as one human rights defender remarked to me recently, his government routinely cites u.s. treatment of detainees at guantanamo as justification for its own violations of human rights.
poker is played by groups of people .
color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material .
like ulleung - do , the islets are volcanic rocks , with only a thin layer of soil and moss .
another unique waterpark feature is ice skating .
flare stars are give off relatively little light , but have been found as far away as 1,000 light years from earth .
well, then we can call it even.
the seattle-based company has applied for its brand to be a top-level domain name (currently “.com”), but the south american governments argue this would prevent the use of this internet address for environmental protection, the promotion of indigenous rights and other public interest uses.
subsequently, the radial action is well conserved and orbital contraction slows down.
mike washed his hands.
even though the fourth coalition came to an end , britain remained at war with france .
daddy kept a rifle in the closet.
some of the postcodes above may cover two or more states .
the students learned to check their papers with spell and grammar tools .
enzymes , which are chiral , often distinguish between the two enantiomers of a chiral substrate .
her parents said the same thing!
the award was first given for films made in 1948 .
she didn't use to feel tired.
it's getting difficult, even for a defense attorney, to keep track of the allegations against bill cosby.
the port of the mosque measures 27 m high , crowned with two minarets 42 m tall .
a computer program is usually written by a computer programmer in a programming language .
the city is home to a shipbuilding industry , brewing industry and sawmills .
as of april 28 , 2013 , the online multiplayer servers have been shut down .
he was angry at the apartment building manager.
stretching , in its most basic form , is a natural and instinctive activity ; it is done by many animals including humans .
he could fix this for us if he were a programmer , but he ca n't write code .
the heat index is referenced to any combination of air temperature and humidity where the partial pressure of water vapor is equal to a baseline value of 1.6 kpa .
the magistrates ruled that every photograph published in france by mondadori, the publishing company owned by former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi, in future would carry a fine, also of €10,000 per breach.
nausea is a non-specific symptom , which means that it has many possible causes .
this led to the distinction between “primary qualities”—such as shape, size and motion—which were thought to really exist in matter, and “secondary qualities”—such as colours, odours and tastes—which were thought to exist only in the mind of the observer (or to exist as powers to cause ideas in the minds of observers).
ethnic separatism is based more on cultural and linguistic differences than religious or racial differences , which also may exist .
last month, a tuareg uprising triggered a military coup against mali's president amadou toumani toure by officers dissatisfied with the government's efforts to put down the insurrection.
it was designed by an artist .
do you think that it will work ?
take a week off school.
the sea has been used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries .
one day all her friends would be shorter than her.
this is my first boat ride, patricia.
in 2004 1896 , winners ' medals were in fact silver .
the square root of two was the first known irrational number .
the speech lasted 40 minutes and 14 seconds .
dugongs and other sirenians are not closely related to other marine mammals , being more related to elephants .
in some cases of multiple bonds between two atoms , there is no net sigma-bonding at all , only pi bonds .
what was he going to do with his big tv?
it takes me hours to find my classroom.
the republican senator from florida has announced that he is seeking the republican presidential nomination, running on an optimistic message that he embodies the promise of the american dream.
each peanut had red skin on it.
the coracle is an unstable craft .
class is over in 5 minutes, donna.
have you changed your hairstyle ?
currently unique among the united states , alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents .
an example of such a scheme is ethiopia’s productive safety net programme that allowed thousands of vulnerable households to withstand drought without having to curtail education spending.
hurling is a stick and ball game played by teams of 15 on a rectangular grass pitch with h-shaped goals at each end .
he died in england on november 16 , 2018 at the age of 81 , due to complications of hip surgery .
he walked with her to the church.
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 498 to 506 .
by far the major industry in recent times is tourism .
he wipes dirt off the bike with a damp rag.
it's still not a bad price.
she wore a very expensive looking dress .
for example, suppose that the events c and e are effects of a common cause d. it is tempting to reason that there must be a causal dependence between c and e by engaging in the following piece of counterfactual reasoning: if c had not occurred, then d would not have occurred; and if d had not occurred, e would not have occurred.
the same data led them to uncover potentially sensitive information about some individuals.
she put the coffee cup in the kitchen sink.
more than anybody else, hartmann rehabilitates the value of aporias (for two recent evaluations of hartmann’s aporetic method see schlittmaier 2011 and rescher 2011).
points and goals will carry over in full from regular season .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of jag davies.
while most of the energy released during gravitational collapse is emitted very quickly , an outside observer does not actually see the end of this process .
"we can only do so much."
then it is natural to expect that the radiation emitted during the gravitational collapse is also affected by the strong gravity.
“it’s probably the biggest mess for science communication, where myths, misinterpreted studies and quackery collide with under- and over-diagnosis,” said tracey brown, director of sense about science.
the ten projects presented each offered unique solutions to sustainability challenges but it was the nigerian initiative, wecyclers, that won arnold schwarzenegger’s, and the rest of jury’s, vote and took the sustainia award 2014.
he was proud.
lucy asked her dad.
all the dishes were broken in the earthquake .
the revelation also supports concerns raised by several us senators during the renewal of the fisa amendments act (faa) in december 2012, who warned about the scale of surveillance the law might enable and shortcomings in the safeguards it introduces.
but we are only going to the store.
in her new and darker book, alone together, she writes of everyday family and social relationships put at risk by the compulsion to interact constantly with mobile devices as a substitute for face-to-face interaction.
the first, kickstarting the revolution in drl, was the development of an algorithm that could learn to play a range of atari 2600 video games at a superhuman level, directly from image pixels [84].
the soldiers bought themselves many rounds of imported beer after the war was over .
in addition , he was worried about the ruhr .
where is my toothbrush, he wondered.
a computer program itself is just a passive collection of instructions , while a process is the actual execution of those instructions .
while the inauguration is not until january, in effect obama embarked on his second term on wednesday.
if the bombings on tuesday were an attempt to sow sectarian strife in afghanistan, they most obviously imitate al qaeda in iraq, which when led by abu musab al zarqawi tried to ignite a sectarian war between sunnis and the country's shi'ite majority in a series of attacks aimed at holy shi'ite occasions and shrines.
some research shows a connection between personality and job satisfaction .
the aquarium has 2 million annual visitors .
while its movement and speech is limited, the robot's technology is likely to evolve quickly.
what edition is it?
men and women are subject to different standards of modesty in dress .
i wish i could have had a chance to clean up before your arrival .
bear often answers major questions in contemporary science and culture with fictional solutions .
“it’s too early to predict that this begins a strong reversal of excruciatingly high layoffs,” said robert frick, corporate economist at navy federal credit union in vienna, virginia.
tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds , from soft sand to hard rock .
neither ford nor mazda responded to cnn's requests for comment.
the secretary of the south yorkshire police federation branch, constable paul middup, told the restaurant meeting before wright turned up: “the chief constable had said the truth could not come from him, but had given the secretary a totally free hand and supported him,” as had many senior officers.
venegas plays several instruments including acoustic guitar , accordion , and keyboard .
coal tar was formerly one of the products of gasworks .
i wish we could have gone to the movies .
debian packages are standard unix ar archives that include two gzipped or bzipped tar archives : one that holds the control information and another that contains the data .
police officers patrol the trains and stations , and police posts are available at some stations .
the structure of courts and the methods of selecting judges is determined by each state 's constitution or legislature .
the professor said he had to adjust everyone 's grade because the class did so poorly on the final exam .
eleven current and former members of fifa’s executive committee have now been charged in the investigation, which alleges $200m in bribes, mainly as kickbacks from tv and marketing contracts but also fifa’s development programmes.
a commercial failure is a product that does not complete a goal .
"bicycle theft is down 60 percent.
some psychologists suggest irregularities of the english names of numerals may hinder children 's counting ability .
he went outside in his stocking feet .
he has edited and written many books and articles .
many of the new laws cited by the legislature group are in california, including one prohibiting the use of ultraviolet tanning devices by minors and another making it a crime to sell a live animal on any street, highway, public right-of-way, parking lot, carnival, or boardwalk.
“they are desperate to ensure the longevity of the franchise and make sure the quality is kept up.
surgical removal of the adenoid is a procedure called adenoidectomy .
it will be cool there.
thermodynamic power cycles are the basis for the operation of heat engines , which supply most of the world 's electric power and run almost all motor vehicles .
in the days following his remarks, however, the legal immigrant association launched an online petition condemning his statements as racist and despicable and demanding that cnn discipline cafferty and apologize to the chinese people.
it was painted blue .
senior obama administration officials played down reports about biden's comments as coming from second-hand accounts.
we always see red fruit in the autumn .
he is 12 years old.
in the 1980s and 1990s , historians began debating the appropriate use of the term .
any person can come in .
and in mackie’s formulation it has the desirable feature that it makes evident the connection between a miracle and supernatural agency.
when i grow up, i'm going to be a clown!"
they gathered details on calls made to and from a list of organizations, including hospitals, pharmacies, religious groups, legal services, firearms retailers and repair firms.
i know how to make curry .
but no one bought anything.
with little ethiopian teff on the international market, farmers in the us have started planting the crop.
some obligate anaerobes use fermentation , while others use anaerobic respiration .
diodorus was also closely associated with the ‘veiled’ paradox (diogenes laertius, 2.111; lucian, sale of lives, 22–3): you know who your father is; you don’t know who the veiled man over there is; but that veiled man is your father; so you both do and do not know who your father is.
language is primarily localized in the left hemisphere .
i thought you wanted one richard.
i once had to dissect a tub of dead eels to examine parasites living in them, moments before jumping into a suit for a meeting with government ofﬁcials.
it is common for modern cpus to have multiple parallel execution units , which is referred to as superscalar design .
methylphenidate is most commonly used to treat adhd and narcolepsy .
although businesses usually maintain some kind of fax capability , the technology has faced increasing competition from internet - based alternatives .
the lion roars.
in 2018 , the museum received 2,227,773 visitors , making it scotland 's most popular visitor attraction that year .
i'll help you pick out something cute.
historically , latin or romance languages have been the official languages in this region .
crombie 's family announced on april 18 , 2015 that he had died suddenly three days earlier of a brain hemorrhage in new york city .
the labour party disagreed with much of what she did and she will always remain a controversial figure.
i wish i could find some way to convince her to come here for a visit .
the round, silver handle was a doorknob.
i do n't have a favorite actress .
there are species on the checklist .
when the exceptional case, like the necessary measures adopted to wage battle against terrorists, becomes the norm, we have lost a major source of credibility to promote basic principles of due process and innocent until proven guilty.
i do n't know why he dislikes me .
he also has a deeply emotional relationship with his followers, who rally around their leader more passionately as he faces stiffer opposition to his increasingly personal rule.
a dialdehyde is an organic chemical compound with two aldehyde groups .
sweden represents america's interests in north korea because the united states and north korea do not have diplomatic relations.
he showed the bugs to his teacher.
the coat of arms of the region changed during the ages .
cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats , from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves .
south american indians have chewed coca leaves for centuries.
﻿glastonbury festival is to combat the scourge of the plastic water bottle as part of a long- term strategy to become the world’s most environmentally friendly outdoor music event.
christie in viewing the storm damage, talking with citizens who are recovering from the storm and thanking first responders who put their lives at risk to protect their communities.
twelve matches were performed at the event .
last week, in an effort to reclaim relevancy, he announced the creation of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent, led by asim umar, which will include at least one faction of the pakistan taliban.
that is now thought unlikely by scientists, but average land and sea temperatures are expected to continue rising throughout this century, possibly reaching 4°c above present levels – enough to devastate crops and make life in many cities unbearably hot.
not all flowers with multiple ovaries grow into aggregate fruit ; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit .
people have been pedicuring nails for over four thousand years .
it has been published yearly from 1868 to 1875 , and again every year since 1886 .
is it christmas?
she looks as young as her daughter !
my head hurts.
obama updated on sandy; praised by christie in this case, it was once-in-a-lifetime superstorm sandy, which caused the outspoken republican governor of new jersey to declare a state of emergency and seek federal help for widespread devastation.
bolivia’s re-accession could be blocked only if a third or more of the 184 countries that have signed up to the convention opposed its request.
the following table gives a summary of the different schedules .
many brands of ready sliced bread are available , some of which specifically market their suitability for toasting .
before the 21st century , the evolutionary history of the flying squirrel was often debated .
it can be seen as a collection of verdicts, which at the opening of each new set of verdicts provides information about the parties involved and the date.
my friend betty has one.
can you teach her how to walk ?
you never know about the weather, she thought.
whereas before world war i buber had promoted an aesthetic of unity and unification, his later writings embrace a rougher and more elemental dualism.
although the need for a better airport was acknowledged in 37 studies conducted between 1926 and 1938 , there was a statutory prohibition against federal development of airports .
carbonate mineralization involves the formation of coal balls .
hello, mrs. jones.
kcho has offered the public admission to his own personal internet connection.
with a population of just 17 as of december 2004 , it is the smallest municipality in switzerland .
instead, there’s an atmosphere of misery, where people knowing they won’t find work are becoming a lot more self-destructive.
but the flu shots at the drugstore aren't free.
the study found that the average amount farmers were eager to pay was gh₵215.59 per year for crop insurance.
besides carving pumpkins, some celebrate halloween by putting decorations up.
depending on future greenhouse gas emissions, sea levels will rise an average of 40 –62 cm by 2100.
the species can also be found in northern germany , but the population there is low .
for examples, in e-commence, a graph-based learning system can exploit the interactions between users and products to make highly accurate recommendations.
“we’ve witnessed again and again what happens to the world’s poor – the majority of whom depend on agriculture for their livelihoods and already suffer from water scarcity – when they are at the mercy of our fragile global food system,” said dr colin chartres, the director general.
he opened the can of polish.
even if huth amended her complaint, cosby's name is out there.
there is no money in the bank .
some of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or a lot of property damage , usually because of flooding created by rain .
china is the biggest coal importer, and indonesia the biggest exporter, having temporarily overtaken australia.
the view from the cable car was amazing .
he died on 11 may 2018 at the age of 52 from cardiac arrest .
the agriculture subsector grew by 4.8% in 2018 contrasted with a development pace of 6.1% in 2017.
mineralized skeletons of bryozoans first appear in rocks from the early ordovician period , making it the last major phylum to appear in the fossil record .
robert will get his nephew a birthday present .
she died after a long illness on 6 april 2014 at the age of 85 .
housing antisocial tenants in these units, which have showers and kitchens and have been used as student accommodation, will ensure that they are not “rewarded” by being relocated to better accommodation.
a properly engineered structure does not necessarily have to be extremely strong or expensive .
while there are many alternative treatments used for the common cold , there is insufficient scientific evidence to support the use of most .
a- flat minor is rarely used as the main key of a piece of music .
sanctions the united states on monday imposed sanctions against seven russian government officials and 17 companies linked to russian president vladimir putin in its latest action to punish moscow for its actions in ukraine.
because of their size range , it is probable that different species hunted in different ways and allowed them to fill many different predatory niches .
would you want to come with me?
it was late at night.
they were in the nest.
before the event went live on pay-per-view , a dark match was held which was an 18 - man interpromotional battle royal .
sometimes there are dolphins and whales in the water!
"do you hurt?
in an interview in 1949, the head of the commission, howard b fonda, signalled his opposition to the chewing of coca leaves before his inquiry had begun.
from 1989 to 1993 the hipparcos satellite took measurements for over 100,000 nearby stars .
the birds played among the leaves .
his career started in 1960 and he has continued working on makeup with most recently in 2012 .
however, recently due to changes in watersheds in general and land degradation in particular which resulted from a range of natural and anthropogenic *corresponding author.
other observations that support the big bang theory are the amounts of chemical elements in the universe .
if you have a question, raise your hand.
she said it was $100 for the night.
it was going to rain all day today.
they weren't big and round.
the man whom he had met as a child turned out later to be his real father .
the polygraph was created in 1921 by policeman john larson, based on research by the psychologist william marston.
hydrography 's origin lies in the making of chart like drawings and notations made by individual mariners .
these early mammals developed many traits which were to make them well - suited for a very active lifestyle .
some carbocations such as the 2 - norbornyl cation exhibit more or less symmetrical three - center two -electron bonding .
i'll hide first.
i need a new one .
amy was always wearing her brother 's sweater .
in the 15th century , the first europeans came to the area .
gummatous syphilis can happen anywhere from one to 46 years after the person first got syphilis .
the music was very loud.
it was a closet door.
so, why are you collecting money for him?
the letter 'h ' is used to represent aspirated consonants .
in reality , cats can turn themselves right side up in mid-air if they should fall upside-down .
lisa usually shops at the mall.
both of my friends will be studying abroad next year so i am a little sad .
the mhc genes are highly polymorphic ; many different alleles exist in the different individuals inside a population .
it was like a small stone under his skin.
it's finals week.
“in theory, you could imagine that a combination of brains could provide solutions that individual brains cannot achieve by themselves.” the research is published in the journal scientific reports.
the present article describes a brief review on some of the breakthrough advances in dentistry regarding tissue engineering, nanodentistry and ozone therapy.
crabs are prepared and eaten all over the world .
amateur radio operators use various modes of transmission to communicate .
besides the summer heat and the muslim fasting month of ramadan, the relative lull might be explained by the widespread anticipation that prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, candidate of the ruling akp, will emerge triumphant from the ballot box, in either the first or the second round.
he had borrowed the money 30 days ago.
she was a nurse.
they have n't left yet .
the university has approximately 27,700 students and employs around 6,000 people .
his landlord said, "if you can't pay the rent, you must go."
there are many exceptions to this rule , however .
further anatomical study led him to the conclusion that 'individual africans differ as much , or even more , from other africans as from europeans ' .
the orbits of centaurs are unstable due to perturbations by the giant planets .
the hairdresser colored susan's hair.
he wants to live for 70 more years.
i have a book that isn't hard to understand, but still has great information.
it was much bigger than all the stars.
he loved his teacher.
many care ethicists were interested in the crucial role of care-giving for agency and for individual and species survival.
there have been many disputes over what makes production and modified cars when used in motorsports .
the silky pocket mice are small animals with soft fur , long tails , and small feet compared to other heteromyids .
lovins and price say that these two different sets of personal values lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies .
i don't need new workers right now."
don's mom ran away.
conditional contraband , formerly known as occasional contraband , consists of such materials as provisions and livestock feed .
the degree of care for one’s nation that nationalists require is often, but not always, taken to be very high: according to such views, the claims of one’s nation take precedence over rival contenders for authority and loyalty.
activists maung saungkha and thet swe win posted on their facebook pages that police had been to search for them at their homes, but that they were not there and were still free.
so named for its resemblance to a ladder , the ladder frame is one of the simplest and oldest of all designs .
the first child born from egg donation was in 1983 in australia .
the ban would not apply to grocery stores.
there has also been a dramatic shift from white to brown, wholemeal and other bread but the figures suggest the amount people are eating has fallen from 25 to 15 slices a week over the past four decades, based on a 40g slice from a medium sliced loaf.
burlap clothes are usually brown .
do n't shake your head at me !
he picked up the piece of paper.
﻿scientists have implanted a false memory in the brains of mice in an experiment that they hope will shed light on the well-documented phenomenon whereby people ‘remember’ events or experiences that have never happened.
she always chose to eat lamb at restaurants .
"i know," said dad.
many of his examples are based on the square- cube law .
ditko died at his new york city apartment from a heart attack on june 29 , 2018 at the age of 90 .
gunfire can be confused with other noises that can sound similar , such as firework explosions and cars backfiring .
she tried to open the closet door.
although geographers are historically known as people who make maps , map making is actually the field of study of cartography , a subset of geography .
under the deal, sharia law was imposed in the region.
see the entry on the early development of set theory for a discussion of the origin of set-theoretic ideas and their use by different mathematicians and philosophers before and around cantor’s time.
this is a listing of the top ten point scorers in franchise history .
cockburn’s earliest philosophical work, the defence is a response to the work one of locke’s critics, thomas burnet.
student id card application first name: samia last name: khan date of birth: 09/10/1992 address: 5 ledger road, cardiff postcode: cf10 5re nationality: canadian i declare that the information provided is correct.
“you also have to be ready to jump from one project to the next.
there are a lot of operating systems , which are based on freebsd .
she was excited.
i avoid seeing my friends from high school because they are immature .
the industry of the town was first based on the large amount of fruit growing in the area .
the nine- banded armadillo has an unusual reproductive system , in which genetically identical quadruplets are born in each litter .
“the polygraph has been around since the 1920s and, by measuring physiological stress induced by anxiety, you can get to 60.
croup is typically diagnosed based on signs and symptoms .
questions that remain for such physicalistic views will be explained in section 3.
the large turnout and geographic spread marked a rapid escalation after previous, smaller protests against bus price increases led to complaints that police responded disproportionately with rubber bullets, tear gas and violent beatings.
in 2007 , rose suffered a stroke .
another rubio weakness is his lack of bold policy proposals.
"can i have it?"
they were all different.
i do n't like heavy metal music .
alternating current generating systems were known from the discovery of the magnetic induction of electric current .
bless your heart for helping him out.
we are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions, and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.
her brother said he didn't have $1,000.
being childless was considered unusual in the 1950s .
if the input of the function represents time, then the derivative represents change with respect to time.
in the morning they are long.
tim takes off the lid.
the cantons are listed in the order given in the federal constitution .
the different species specialise in feeding on different conifer species , with the bill shape optimized for opening that species of conifer .
he considered it a new start and stayed positive .
if i don’t defend my country, who will?” ordinary citizens, in private conversation, are less defiant.
the church was warm.
the document is recent, dating to april 2013.
the four tires are black.
his age at death has been estimated from 7 years six months to as old as 15 years .
the species has been introduced to both the united states and new zealand .
after this long digression, socrates in books eight and nine finally delivers three “proofs” that it is always better to be just than unjust.
the woman had eight babies at one time.
and, efforts to boost production could benefit business interests at the expense of small farmers.
the middlegame is the part of the game which starts after the opening .
please turn over your test papers now .
attendance may suffer from a fresh scandal in july 2015, in which a seaworld employee was alleged to have infiltrated animal rights protest groups against the company.
they looked pretty on the white plate.
cdte is used to make thin film solar cells , accounting for about 8 % of all solar cells installed in 2011 .
the estuaries and tidal flats are home to an array of plants and animals adapted to living in the oxygen - deficient saline mud .
in prehistoric times montane forest occupied one - third of the territory of present- day rwanda .
languages such as tcl and lua were specifically designed as general - purpose scripting languages that could be embedded in any application .
only a few people are buying the flu shots.
my aunt was a politician in virginia .
could you show me how to use this atm machine ?
they include a home-testing kit that looks for specific igg (immunoglobulin g) antibodies against food stuffs in the blood.
she had asked her brother to lend her $1,000.
she was tired of being the shortest girl.
movies produced in hollywood are popular .
the women presented with bonuses were overjoyed .
they stood holding hands .
if recent research is to be believed, loneliness is killing the elderly and, with an ageing population, we should aim to reduce our isolation before it is too late.
pure aluminum is very soft , so a harder metal is almost always added .
burns died on 25 may 2019 , at the age of 99 .
emphasizing hume’s debt to hutcheson, kivy (2003, pp.
he is a passionate bird watcher .
it has been a hot one.
it had 852 people according to the 2001 census .
there was so much to clean out.
but just over two years into the syrian crisis – the longest and bloodiest of the arab uprisings – ignoring the sound of death and destruction nearby has become the new normal for damascenes.
i don't understand science, that's all.
he didn't have any friends in school.
smiley 16:04 what's up, neira?
ho chi minh city in vietnam is also sinking by about 2cm a year – but that’s nothing compared to jakarta, which is dropping 10 to 20cm annually.
would you like me to carry that for you ?
someone was knocking on his door.
no mention of them has been found in contemporary accounts or pictures of the time .
the door was locked.
he vacuumed inside the car every week.
the victorious rebels formed a government that abolished the military .
the siren was loud.
mourning notices for two of the 15 victims – muhammad al-sufi and manal al-tahan – are stuck to the wall opposite.
a child who can’t eat wheat or drink milk can’t go to parties.” the conviction that a child’s chronic lethargy or headaches or eczema are caused by an allergy takes a long time and many tests to prove or disprove.
the sarus crane is easily distinguished from other cranes in the region by the overall grey color and the contrasting red head and upper neck .
more than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park , many of which are migrants .
i have n't mailed it yet .
cricket is one of the most popular sports in bangladesh , followed by football .
janet keeps her sewing room cluttered .
the song gained popularity in september 2016 , when a remix was uploaded onto the youtube channel siivagunner , where many memes and parody videos have been uploaded since .
the people are almost fully french-speaking .
this list is arranged by drainage basin , with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream 's name .
the world faces the likelihood of an increased risk of climate change as a result of this runaway consumption of the highest carbon fossil fuel.
obama picks up campaign cash in the lone star state predictably, unions are exempted from the kind of disclosure democrats now want to impose on others, mcconnell said.
the court ruled 7 - 2 that the death penalty is not always cruel and unusual punishment .
each postcode area is further divided into post towns and postcode districts .
it was released as two -part movie on 8 may and 9 may 1980 .
flu shots made her sick.
each peanut was in its shell.
impatiens have become one of the most popular garden annuals .
all the children who behave throughout the year are admitted to the good list, and will presumably receive their desired gifts on christmas, while those who don't behave are placed on the naughty list, and will presumably (although the matter is determined by parents) receive a lump of coal.
the primary colors always appear on the color wheel .
she took her plate to the kitchen sink.
stating these facts baldly is not an indictment of white men as individuals.
most palm trees grow in the tropical and subtropical regions of the world .
upon starting the game for the first time , the player is allowed to create an avatar .
she was n't able to communicate to anyone at the conference because she could n't speak any english .
though never intended as a teaching tool , various viewers used the knowledge they obtained watching the show .
the song was given positive reviews from music critics .
harvard 's president made controversial remarks about the role of women .
it was her favorite song to sing.
bats are sometimes used as a weapon in fights or attacks .
the live hour-long series finale aired august 26 at 11 pm and was viewed by 1.003 million people .
a proto-oncogene is a normal gene that can become an oncogene due to mutations or increased expression .
he directed 13 feature films , wrote eleven and produced eight .
the story has been changed considerably in various retellings and subjected to numerous modern adaptations and readings .
work on the temples began about 1264 bc and lasted for about 20 years .
mrs. warner 's youngest daughter is always running around and is the most energetic one .
she ate salad sometimes.
go quickly before anyone sees you.
her brother was lying.
the bacteria that cause urinary tract infections usually go into the bladder from the uretha .
he wanted to see the chickens.
the big gains in china are unlikely to be matched by similar progress elsewhere, while climate-related shocks and deep poverty in parts of sub-saharan africa will slow momentum.
the instrumentalist says that in an utterance of “the number of apples is two”, the speaker is merely pretending to assert something; nothing is really asserted.
all these critics have provided criticisms of philosophy that have ended up, in different ways, and at different times, transforming the direction and content of philosophy.
in appearance , it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
countries using proportional representation give little advantage to the largest two parties , so they tend to elect many parties .
i am so happy.
bill grabbed the wheelchair.
if you lived in hawaii , you 'd need a lot of sunscreen .
i know, but he didn't see that car.
in july 2003 , the firm successfully issued its ipo , raising over $ 100 million .
a lot of classical guitar music is in e minor , because this key is very suited for the instrument .
these monkeys are active in the daytime , and live together in social groups .
he said he didn't want anything for his birthday.
the function or use of the dodecahedra remains a mystery ; no mention of them has been found in texts or pictures of the time .
the whole city of sinuiju with its 350,000 residents is without piped drinking water at the moment because the main pumping station was inundated, said henk schipper, red cross water and sanitation delegate in north korea.
"from now on," he said, "please call me by my middle name.
older people usually tend to go to bed and wake up early .
he asked her what to get for his mother 's birthday .
radiometric dating methods are used to establish the geological time scale .
she sang it every day while she walked to school.
late in life he suffered from depression .
dissenting opinions are normally written at the same time as the majority opinion and any concurring opinions .
another tournament was started the following week .
sometimes a mouse is trained to perform in shows .
location singapore nurse needed in private hospital.
what happens to me ?
i hope to send out all the invitations by tonight .
the goal was to capture a major port for a short period and to gather information .
officially , genetic engineering is the direct manipulation of the genome with techniques developed in the 1970s .
it is a wonderful tourist spot where you can see the dolphins swim along the coast of australia .
the event had eight professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in scripted feuds , plots and storylines .
in 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 7,233 .
it was a terrible period in history .
mike was ready for bed.
generating accurate true-color images from mars 's surface is surprisingly complicated .
a mouse or a rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform .
it was eleven o'clock.
the nhtsa now has identified 730,000 vehicles potentially affected, expanding the scope of vehicles in question.
“trying the food is also a good way to pick up on the nuances of the cooking; this works especially well on the dry food.” typical salary: £20,000 for an entry-level job in the quality department.
mother was too shy to wear a bikini .
the monkeys were swinging from the trees .
the doorbell rang again.
she moved the centre ground of british politics and was a huge figure on the world stage.
it will meow like pirate.
this is my book .
the clubhouse app, launched in early 2020, saw explosive growth in user numbers earlier this month after tesla ceo elon musk and robinhood ceo vlad tenev held a surprise discussion on the platform.
lady gaga is a woman whom many young people enjoy .
instead, it refers to the german idea of anthropology which is more of a philosophical and social scientific examination of human nature.
before the beginnig of the 1700s , there might not have been a permanent population there .
no matter how advanced the semiconductor process or how fast the switching speed , this places a practical limit on how many instructions can be simultaneously dispatched .
the leaders of colonial america in the 1760s and 1770s read history carefully .
the earth is about 4.54 billion years old .
costa rica developed high literacy rates and education levels .
mapother has become widely known as a character actor , who sometimes plays scary or otherwise dark characters .
the three types of endorphins that exist are made through the fragmentation of precursor proteins .
they will make a brand new pirate for you.
thomson argues that we may, since our negative rights have been violated and no one has the right to use another’s body, even to save his own life.
do i have to?
what a boring teacher !
the state and union territory capitals are sorted according to no legislative and judicial capitals .
either way, the series offers another moment in the spotlight for a lawman who has never shied away from it.
she is happy .
about 200 species of symphylans are known worldwide .
benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal and are generally safe and effective in suppressing symptoms of alcohol withdrawal .
she wanted a grandson.
while barnes disputes the pantheistic reading of thales, he allows that thales believed in the “ubiquity of animation”.
the united states has a long and generally bipartisan tradition of concern for human rights, a pillar of its founding principles.
but in “there are numbers” as used by the platonist, numbers function as things represented.
i got the rest.
prince be suffered a massive stroke in early 2005 that left him paralyzed on the left side of his body .
as janaway (2009: 52) observes, a great many different kinds of attitude enter these accounts (including not only the standard beliefs and desires of current-day moral psychology, but also “wills”, feelings, sensations, moods, imaginings, memories, valuations, convictions, and more), but arguably the core attitudes that do the most work for him are drives and affects.
he can't hide his money in a tree.
to see what driverless cars might look like in action, go to the video at: vimeo.com/37751380.
be home before sunset .
he put one-half of the paper on the table.
we have to change planes in new york .
what do you want to know?
for example, al-ghāzāli (1058–1111) argued that everything that begins to exist requires a cause of its beginning.
she runs very fast .
a psychiatrist lives in my building .
the ntsb is recommending that the federal aviation administration take additional steps to address the safety issue.
although he was one of the leading players of his time , not much is known about his life .
do you know who won against the dodgers and the cubs?
self - assumption of a title is not necessarily illegal : it depends on the law of the place where the title is used .
there are two kinds of unit load devices : pallets and boxes .
anarchism has traditionally been critical of centralized moral authority—but this critique was often based upon fundamental principles and traditional values, such as autonomy or liberty.
though often used interchangeably , in biology these words have different meanings .
brain played a lot of chamber music , forming a wind quintet with his brother in 1946 .
ring - necked snakes are fairly similar in morphology throughout much of their distribution .
once they'd grown (and caught) an abundance of food, the pilgrims were expectedly thankful, and they celebrated alongside the native americans who provided them with such valuable assistance.
the swimming competition was held in the open sea because the organizers had refused to spend the money necessary for a specially constructed stadium .
at night, this design lights up against the darkness.
young open clusters may still be in the molecular cloud from which they formed .
the public policy behind this rule is sound: taking a plaintiff's word that they repressed a memory that caused them to miss the statute of limitations invites uncertainty and fraud.
outside its native range , emerald ash borer is an invasive species that is highly destructive to ash trees in its introduced range .
as chainsaw carving has become more popular , chainsaw manufacturers are making special short , narrow -tipped bars for carving .
the names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the respective historical regions , as they were created as purely administrative units .
cell phone theft is down 55 percent.
starting around the 14th century , the word referred originally to the roughness of woven cloth before it was sheared .
if the claim by al-almi proves valid, it would not surprise some afghan shia, who were quick to point the finger at some form of pakistani involvement in the attacks tuesday.
we further discuss the applications of graph neural networks across various domains and summarize the open source codes, benchmark data sets, and model evaluation of graph neural networks.
combined, the devices are referred to as a 'virtobot'.
republicanism is a political philosophy that defends a concept of freedom as non-domination, and identifies the institutions that protect it (pettit 1999).
it was not uncommon in ancient time to attribute to celebrated authors works that were not written by them .
web feeds are designed to be machine readable , so there is no requirement that they be destined only for user consumption .
the building of both bridges was difficult , with both the first and second bridges needing multiple redesigns from multiple architects .
i keep going over it again and again in my mind .
the film earned mainly negative reviews from critics .
between 1918 and 1940 the center of the city undertook large renovation work .
the ovary typically develops into a capsule that splits along three or six longitudinal slits , while remaining closed at both ends .
look, the point is - they're late.
i will continue to fight for my rights .
many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning .
he made his debut for italy in 1958 .
i guess you'll never borrow another book, magazine, or video here ever again.
my brothers are very smart and work hard in school.
someone will look under the bed or in the refrigerator.
the six-point peace plan for syria proposed by kofi annan is doomed to fail for one simple reason: neither president bashar al-assad nor the government opposition is interested in making it work.
john tried to catch the chicken .
there is one girl in our class who always falls asleep .
nowadays, its lowest point, piazza san marco (only three feet above sea level) is inundated with water approximately 100 times annually.
but the situation is complex, and the historical comparison is tenuous at best.
some moths are farmed for their economic value .
here is something which will help .
“it is the only healthy way to start the day.
the bridge opened to traffic on december 31 , 1909 .
sometimes it is difficult to tell the difference between anaphylaxis ; asthma ; fainting caused by not having enough oxygen ; and panic attacks .
i wish i was rich .
president dilma rousseff condones the protests, according to her aides.
until recently , electroreception was known only in vertebrates .
the job of president was created in 1839 .
of reacts with many metals to yield oxides and fluorides .
every batter has three strikes.
we get bacon and ham from pigs.
subfamily nymphicinae subfamily calyptorhynchinae : the black cockatoos subfamily cacatuinae
these are the positions of diodorus and philo on the theory of conditionals and on modal logic.
they were each paid £7.50 for their participation in the 70-minute experiment, involving two tests.
“basically, we are creating what i call an organic computer.” the scientists first demonstrated that rats can share, and act on, each other’s sensory information by electrically connecting their brains via tiny grids of electrodes that reach into the motor cortex, the brain region that processes movement.
16:06 the blue café is nice.
the metafictionalist says that something is asserted along the lines of: according to the number fiction, the number of apples is two.
phytohormones are found not only in higher plants , but in algae too , with similar functions .
the genre itself was defined as a separate movement from post- punk due to its darker music accompanied by introspective and romantic lyrics .
he got punched right in the nose !
cindy keeps her hair blond because she 's idolized marilyn monroe since she was a girl .
i watched the professor while she frantically looking for our exams .
in humans and animals , fear is modulated by the process of cognition and learning .
he died on 12 july 2019 , four days before his 85th birthday .
(schrödinger [1935] 1980: 328) many physicists pay lip service to the copenhagen interpretation—that quantum mechanics is fundamentally about observation or results of measurement.
she kept them in her house all day.
he said, "what time on monday?"
flannelette typically refers to a napped cotton fabric imitating the texture of flannel .
the family - to - family program provides general information about mental illness and how it is currently treated .
type i collagen is present in many forms of connective tissue , and makes up about 25 % of the total protein content of the mammalian body .
many cultures do have an oral law , while most legal systems of today have a formal written organization .
the mayor of the eastern ukrainian city of kharkiv underwent emergency surgery after being shot in the back, city officials and police said monday, amid continuing unrest in the region.
he fell on his knees .
the highlight of the prison , from the inmates ' point of view , was the garden .
small businesses often face a lot of problems because of their size .
but, in asia and europe, stock markets overall displayed a muted reaction, with traders apparently expecting another battle in washington early in 2014.
the following tables include medals won by athletes on irish teams together with one poet .
there are 128 ships or shipwrecks that are nhls .
obama said that starting then, nato will work with russia to build our cooperation with them in this area... recognizing that we share many of the same threats.
the health risks associated with nuclear materials have also been of concern .
but the dutch capital may lose its reputation for tolerance over plans to dispatch nuisance neighbours to “scum villages” made from shipping containers.
my day first, i wake up.
as of 2011 , about one hundred medications are in development for hepatitis c.
these groups are no longer registered and can no longer take part in elections .
“ten years ago they said they would build a new highway here.
in the 17th century, james gregory also worked in this area and published several maclaurin series.
he looked in the mirror.
she could not control her son.
they feed on insects and fruit , and their broad bills and weak legs reflect their diet and arboreal habits .
i have to go to bed early.
members of the order are wingless even as adults , making them relatively difficult to identify .
usually a libretto is written before the music , but sometimes composers wrote some of the music first and then looked for words to go with it .
it is extremely dangerous.” across greece, the byproducts of six straight years of recession have been brutal and cruel.
british people are less likely to have strong friendships or know their neighbours than residents anywhere else in the eu and a relatively high proportion of them have no one to rely on in a crisis.
and regional analysts perceive fluid links, contacts and cross-fertilization between the myriad groups operating in the afghan-pakistan border region.
it's my job to be helpful.
“people are used to very low rents and very high incomes but, in future, this will have to change.” lk has agreed to compensate residents to the value of their homes plus 25% but many locals say this is not enough to afford a new-build house at market rates.
when are we going to play?
some species of algae form symbiotic relationships with other organisms .
at 10.00 am there was a large crowd of people watching the action .
good morning, michael.
get me a ticket.
despite being a preventable and treatable disease, malaria accounts for about 212 million of cases and 429,000 deaths globally in 2015 alone (world health organization, 2016).
stingrays feed mostly on molluscs , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish .
should n't shilly-shally about it, rudd said.
in the 1680s and 1690s , two french composers incorporated carols into their works .
he said he wanted to go to the beach.
urinary tract infections can affect 10 % of people during childhood .
it has a population of 218 people .
it was also opposed by leading intelligence committee member mark udall, who said it did not go far enough.
he told matt to go to the school on monday.
the city's money would be better spent helping teens access health care, birth control and high-quality sexual and reproductive health education, not on an ad campaign intended to create shock value.
then they had a baby boy.
in both respects , little was achieved this day .
each year , two consuls were elected together , to serve for a one - year term .
three different definitions of the rosids are in use .
it is christmas.
although the sweet potato is not closely related botanically to the common potato , they have a shared etymology .
the quarter has a population 17,226 distributed across an area of 4.6 km2 .
skepticism is a natural reaction when we are presented with a radically new method and its potential uses.
if a sequence converges to some limit , then it is convergent ; otherwise it is divergent .
after 1932 he withdrew from tournament play , mostly because his symptoms of schizophrenia prevented normal life .
i told him i would do it .
but i waited in line for two hours!
different forms of competition can be called a championship .
kamikaze pilots wore them before flying to their deaths .
what i know wo n't help you .
it is a long way from downtown chicago so i recommend you stay there with your sister .
meta-fictionalism: the speaker is “really” asserting that according to a certain fiction, the xs are so and so.
oats are also commonly used as feed for horses - as whole or rolled oats or as part of food bits .
we should sleep before it gets too late .
mice are very afraid of cats , but cats are very afraid of dogs .
the oldest anchors were just rocks , and many rock anchors have been found from a long time ago .
most thinking in genetics has focused on vertical transfer , but there is a growing awareness that horizontal gene transfer is a significant phenomenon .
in a concerted campaign – led, the panel found, by the chief constable, peter wright – the south yorkshire police put out their story that drunken supporters or those without tickets had caused the disaster.
it might be better if we took mine --- it 's got air conditioning and gets better gas mileage .
he would always pay attention.
washed up corals can be found on the island 's beaches .
zinc oxide is a white solid .
you can pick it up anytime."
the forests contain a great variety of plants and animals .
but many of the other injuries were after death, suggesting a gruesome ritual on the battlefield and as the king’s body was brought back to leicester, as he was stripped, mocked and mutilated.
the following table lists the progression of the largest known prime number in ascending order .
but the war is far from over as french prosecutors must now decide if criminal proceedings are to be brought against the magazine editor and the photographer or photographers responsible for taking pictures of the duchess sunbathing topless while on holiday in the south of france.
in 2013, the north detonated a nuclear device and brazenly threatened to launch a pre-emptive nuclear attack against the u.s.. a fourth nuclear test could be imminent.
urinary tract infections may affect 10 % of people during childhood .
the following is a partial list of songs featured in the film along with the artist that popularized them .
i really know nothing at all about those men's lives .
australia 's many outside territories follow their own time zones .
it has also suffered vicious infighting.
gang rapes usually involve three or more men as the ones who commit the crime .
﻿a day that began with a fresh round of dawn raids on the baur au lac hotel in zurich ended with 16 football officials being indicted on corruption charges in the us, including five current or former members of fifa’s executive committee.
it got negative reviews from the critics .
the art of engraving gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass -produced items that lacked originality .
the effects of volcanic eruptions on recent winters are modest in scale , but historically have been significant .
huth claims she and a 16-year-old friend met cosby at a los angeles-area film shoot.
scientists have connected the brains of a pair of animals and allowed them to share sensory information in a major step towards what the researchers call the world’s first “organic computer”.
the earth 's orbit approximates an ellipse .
the executive branch is headed by the president and is formally independent of both the legislature and the judiciary .
the green tree frog is one of the most popular pet frogs in the world .
to illustrate the computation , suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods .
a person 's speaking vocabulary is all the words they use in speech .
healthy gums usually have no reaction to normal disturbance such as brushing .
crimson is a combination of red and purple .
simply unplug the modem for fifteen seconds.
how was school today?
if the subject still wished to stop after the four main prods had been used , the experiment was halted .
stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , but they form much more quickly on concrete than in the natural cave environment .
most universities offer students such counselling and many run group sessions that specifically address loneliness.
there are a limited number of existing reviews on the topic of graph neural networks (gnns).
do the boys know what they are doing for mother 's day ?
the chassis are made of chrome moly tubing .
rather, he said, it was equivalent to implanting an association that perhaps someone cannot place but that makes them wary of a specific environment for no apparent reason.
to hunt fish , the eagle swoops down over the water and snatches the fish out of the water with its talons .
the shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the e4 motorway and is connected with a covered bridge spanning across the motorway .
in the course of living their daily lives, raising families and contributing to society, we 've come to see that gay and lesbian americans share the same hopes and dreams as everyone else.
warlimpirrnga paints abstract images of sacred dreaming stories and songs .
manganese is a silvery - gray metal and is part of the group known as the transition metals .
he pulled the blanket up to his shoulders.
most people with trichomoniasis do not have any symptoms .
previous work suggested that agn jets are likely required, but the form of jet energy required to quench remains unclear.
she was waiting for her plane.
a ballroom dance figure in which during the last step the moving foot passes the support foot , rather than closes to it .
modern japan is divided into 47 prefectures .
most developing countries are facing climate change now.
accordingly, some jurisdictions have special rules extending the time to file in cases of childhood sexual abuse.
he painted the house next to ours .
the first edition covered 45 objects numbered m1 to m45 .
it is a description of systemic problems that we refuse to confront with systemic solutions.
the forest contains at least 900 plant species .
unfortunately, the bill passed by the senate intelligence committee does not go far enough to address the nsa’s overreaching domestic surveillance programmes,” udall said.
the classical period also saw an increase in the use of statues and sculptures as decorations of buildings .
not every conjecture ends up being proven true or false .
as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 2,647 .
he rides his bike everywhere.
short 's unsolved murder and the details surrounding it have had caused many theories and public speculation .
she was a babysitter.
in the process camus answers the questions posed by the myth of sisyphus, “why should i not kill myself?”, and by the rebel, “why should i not kill others?”
the diversity of species is astonishing .
he didn't have anything to do.
atomic physics always considers atoms in isolation .
the strike forces , with many damaged aircraft , reached and landed on their respective carriers between 12 : 50 and 14 : 30 .
all even perfect numbers have a very precise form ; odd perfect numbers either do not exist or are rare .
can teflon be used in clothes ?
management accountants have a dual reporting relationship .
one of the sources said the businessman had a visa to enter north korea.
by the turn of the 3rd millennium , the term bogan came to be employed more favorably to indicate a pride in being rough around the edges .
the teacher explained it as simply as he could .
an international airport may have two one - way loop roads , one for departures and one for arrivals .
during the construction , the bridge collapsed on 31 august 1939 , and 18 workers were killed .
it is the 18th largest edition by article count .
miso is a very important part of japanese food .
before the roman conquest their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the atrebates , possibly as part of a confederation of tribes .
i said this movie must be good .
in the late 19th century , anarchist naturism appeared as the union of anarchist and naturist philosophies .
regius was sympathetic to cartesian natural philosophy from his initial reading and began to teach it to students, in private lessons, and to dictate notes with a view to publishing his own summary of natural philosophy based on cartesian principles.
we'll mix it in this bowl.
in 2012 nanninga went into a coma and only regained consciousness five months later .
the island is also increasingly used as a venue for private events both large and small .
the name comes from the fact that calligraphy - inspired typefaces were first designed in italy , to replace documents traditionally written in a handwriting style called chancery hand .
early egyptian medicine was based on a mixture of magic and religious spells .
she 'll be furious if she finds out .
also, can you write an email to the team members to tell them the time and place of the meeting?
he 's got a girlfriend .
he was the mayor.
a serekh was normally used as a royal crest , showing the name of the pharaoh .
jack sent his parents two suitcases full of clothes before coming home from university with another suitcase .
people believe the dessert was made to celebrate one of the dancer 's tours to australia and new zealand in the 1920s .
i do n't know how he did it .
schoeman committed suicide at a retirement center in south africa at the age of 77 , writing about dying with dignity in his suicide statement .
australia has often made special 50 - cent coins .
the heightened scrutiny by chinese regulators since december has included the announcement of a probe into e-commerce giant alibaba, penalising alibaba-backed and tencent-backed firms for not seeking anti-trust reviews for deals, while other firms have also been fined for irregular pricing.
those who advocate these measures are concerned with the later phases of product lifecycle and the comprehensive outcome of the whole production process .
do you want to do something?
several gene families are involved in the processes of hyperaccumulation including upregulation of absorption and sequestration of heavy metal metals .
it 's time to feed the kids .
the night gives the stars a place to be seen .
he was one of the best known politicians in sweden and was voted as one of the nation 's most popular politicians .
he loved his new jacket.
a select few languages use voiceless nasal consonants .
the trap contains a fluid of the plant 's own production , which may be watery or syrupy , and is used to drown the prey .
paula has cancer.
“it was cleverly positioned as simultaneously modern and retro.
she didn't feel good.
thomas was not hot.
i love my cashmere sweater !
the second phase of the project was refused planning consent in 2014 due to possible impacts on sea birds .
she wanted may to bring her children back to china.
credits adapted from west 's official website .
obligate anaerobes may use fermentation or anaerobic respiration .
in february 1982 , two television antennas were added to the structure , increasing its total height to 1707 ft .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals capable of flight .
more controversially, senior politicians in india have suggested more widespread practice of yoga could bring down soaring levels of sexual violence in the country.
the tightened security made things very hard for the german soldiers to move about , and a number of them were captured .
i hope i can do it!
it was covered with flies and ants.
the ovary typically develops into a capsule that is dehiscent by three or six longitudinal slits , while remaining closed at both ends .
when a conjecture has been proven , it is no longer a conjecture but a theorem .
gamma rays are produced by some types of radioactive atoms .
he would sleep in his car.
the coach yelled loudly .
the new york city human resources administration/department of social services announced the $400,000 initiative, which features pictures of babies delivering messages to their hypothetical parents such as honestly, mom... chances are he wo n't stay with you.
company private hospital with 50 years' experience providing high-quality health care.
the chinese foreign ministry demanded tuesday that cnn's jack cafferty apologize for remarks he made last week, in which he called the chinese goons and thugs and said products manufactured in china are junk.
the nomes remain in place for more than 3,000 years .
they have over 10 libraries!
china’s cyber authorities have become increasingly strict in recent years, widening the scope of apps, media outlets and social media sites banned in the country.
the owner said, "maybe you can have a job.
leslie points out that these criteria are not necessary conditions of factual truth, but he insists that they are—taken jointly—sufficient.
what sexual behavior is considered promiscuous varies between cultures , as does the prevalence of promiscuity .
she used to eat chicken.
while a computer program is a passive collection of instructions , a process is the actual execution of those instructions .
fewer homes are built of wood .
his robe was a dark red .
"why did you push me?"
he was in the park.
she was as helpless as a baby .
radiation therapy is commonly applied to the cancerous tumor because of its ability to control cell growth .
i decided that i would have many babies when i grew up.
in 2010 , the band played in more than 150 concerts all over europe .
canada provided a thermal plasma analyzer .
first of all, in §§18–20 kant makes significant assumptions about features of our representations of objects that exceed anything that he has argued for in §17 or earlier.
the main thing that i wanted to say was to tell you how grateful i am for your friendship .
in several countries , rifle clubs have been made since the 19th century .
i wish i could go out tonight .
at the end of the war , he moved to paris and resumed working almost exclusively in charcoal and lithography .
the long-tailed sylph is almost the same in color but does not overlap in range .
other neutral particles are very short-lived and decay before they could be detected even if they were charged .
for example, a mathematical fictionalist might hold that when we utter “there are prime numbers” in ordinary contexts we mean this in a fictional spirit, but add that when we utter this sentence in the philosophy room we sometimes intend to speak literally.
some carbocations such as the norbornyl cation exhibit more or less symmetrical three center bonding .
perhaps more surprisingly, his spokesman said the move had been approved by the state-owned telecommunications utility, etecsa.
european settlement began with the spanish settlement of santa catarina island in 1542 .
several factors can end a support order for a child under the age of majority .
that is very cheesy advice.
he did n't like how sticky peanut butter was .
he looked at the barking dog.
she was a little girl.
i 'm not going to brag, arpaio said, but there is n't anybody in the world who does n't know who this sheriff is.
although kat dislikes james , she still came to help him move .
the forest is known in the region for its bluebell carpet which covers the forest floor for a few weeks each spring , attracting many visitors .
all the seven seasons of the series are available on dvds for regions 1 and region 2 .
it is grown as an ornamental plant in gardens , where several cultivars have been selected with varying pastel colors , including pink and purple .
this book claims that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation .
rast was severely affected by flooding in the april 2006 danube floods .
just keep the score you have.
“the regime did manage to set up a ring of steel round damascus,” a foreign diplomat said.
hume asks on what grounds we come to our beliefs about the unobserved on the basis of inductive inferences.
backpedal on aids, and you 'll pretty much guarantee that we 'll be dealing with it for generations to come.
there is no reason to be so depressed about the results .
some people collect butterflies .
it had a population of 852 according to the 2001 census .
the next day he was going fishing.
throughout the night , several watches and warnings were discontinued .
ethnic separatism is based more on differences in culture and language than religious or racial differences .
the economy has recouped 12.5 million of the 22.2 million jobs lost in march and april.
she liked the clowns.
what is a checkup?
it is not known who made the coat of arms .
naming a child after a relative , friend , or well - known person is a common practice in the english -speaking world .
we saw a pack of wolves .
fortunately , salad was gina 's favorite food .
we lobbied hard for better education policies but they would not listen to us .
businesses usually have some kind of fax system , but the technology has faced increasing competition from internet - based methods .
an example is the thermal ring-opening reaction of 3,4 - dimethylcyclobutene .
ortac is noted for its large gannet colony .
on such scales, the uncertain parameters include: jet energy form (kinetic, thermal, and cosmic ray (cr) energy), energy, momentum, and mass flux, magnetic field strength and geometry, jet precession angle and period, opening-angle, and duty cycle.
the man whom i called was not in .
nonetheless, schrödinger ultimately found this impossible to believe.
japan was the first country to build railway lines for high speed travel .
smart, her mother and her younger sister, mary katherine -- who was sleeping in the room with smart the night of the kidnapping and was the only witness -- all appear on the prosecution's witness list.
the cigarette manufacturing companies in germany made several attempts to weaken the scientific credibility of the anti-tobacco campaign .
some of these performances were cut from the dvd for copyright reasons .
this is a listing of the top-ten point-scorers in franchise history .
he 's always very nice .
then, he has to wash the dishes.
she testified he repeatedly assaulted her during her months in captivity, and that he and barzee took her to california before returning with her to utah.
the main objects of study in algebraic geometry are algebraic varieties , which are geometric manifestations of sets of solutions of systems of polynomial equations .
i think i like this, daniel.
the court has ruled that the $ 2.7 billion in school funding was not good enough and was given out unfairly .
could you please dry clean my suits ?
he would go out on dates with women who would always be looking for something serious.
there are several causes of pernicious anemia .
the neighborhood has a distinguished history of notable residents .
foxes often live in forests .
the man walked into a bank.
please send my best to chris.
a movie would be great, lisa.
the last fireworks display will be the biggest one .
most of the principal buildings of the castle date from the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries .
she wanted sharon to have fun.
he said people shouldn't lend money.
i like tuna.
what you read in the newspapers is not always accurate .
for nearly a decade his work was directed mainly to the relationship of man to the apes .
he said, "no, i don't have to think about it.
one day she walked by a dumpster.
the great crested grebe has an elaborate mating display .
in his weakest form , frieza is a relatively short humanoid with a large chestnut - shaped skull and two horns .
brazil’s demonstrations are being referred to as the “vinegar revolution” (after police arrested people for carrying vinegar to counter tear gas), as well as the “20-cent revolution” (due to the bus price rise) and the passe livre (after the demand for free public transport).
real 's traditional away colors are all blue or all purple .
we must find something that will cause him to change his mind .
currently there are 30 volumes available on the database , including more than 11,000 items and more than 11,000 illustrations and photographs .
the emission is compact, with at least two different types of velocity components seen.
the same definition is sometimes used for functions that take real or integer values .
he asked a clerk, "how can i fix a nail hole in my bathroom wall?"
she started to read her book.
short - term memory is also known as working memory .
2013; lovell et al.
does your wife want some as well?
thatcher was an unremarkable mid-ranking conservative until she unexpectedly became party leader in 1975.
he also said that many bacteria of the same genus as those “that are beneficial and helpful, like the one used for making cheese,” also turned up around new york.
many cities have metros .
types of non-fixed keels include swing keels and canting keels .
the russian government's description of the call said shoigu definitively denied the groundless allegations of the presence of russian sabotage and military intelligence groups on ukrainian territory and criticized what he called anti-russian hysteria recently unleashed in the western press.
i'll clean it now.
the main trains used on the line is class 375 electrostars .
if a war hero republican like bob dole, who uses a wheelchair, can not persuade his colleagues to do the right thing, then we are all the losers in the battle for human rights.
slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution that stresses ease of maintenance and reliability over cutting -edge software and automated tools .
i'll get them ready.
both theists and nontheists in the last part of the 20th century and the first part of the 21st century generally show a healthy skepticism about the argument.
8 p.m. would be great.
what would you like to eat, then?
after the transplant, brown was able to stop hiv treatment without experiencing a return of the disease.
a famous piano teacher heard him play the piano.
the main rooftop mast has two fm master antennas , and a television antenna .
japanese radio intercepts did notice an increase in both american submarine activity and message traffic .
the songs tell personal stories of life in australia .
let's read it together.
cnn is a network that reports the news in an objective and balanced fashion.
nairobi national park is protected and regulated by the constitution of kenya (2010), the wildlife conservation and management act (2013) and the environmental management and conservation act (1999).
when a system writes data to cache , it must at some point write that data to the backing store as well .
it was that experience that caused john to change his major from film to mathematics .
yes, but let's pick one we both like.
the main inscription on the attic would originally have been of bronze letters .
in four u.s. states , the child is allowed to start a wrongful life cause of action for damages .
liz was never taught when to stop playing .
would you hand me that piece of paper ?
the philosopher expounded a nuanced critique of utilitarian ethics , emphasizing the interplay between consequence and moral duty .
among the voices pushing back against the medicalization of reproduction are those that insist that pregnancy is a ‘natural’ process that generally needs no technological assistance, and advocate ‘natural’ childbirth, free of labor-inducing and pain medications and attended by midwives rather than doctors.
chopsticks are used in cooking to stir materials in a pan , or to help move meals .
after one year , she opened the bookshop again .
the g and pg ratings are often left out as they are typical of normal , everyday climbing .
unfortunately, a fresh face on stale ideas is not a winning combination -- not for rubio, and not for latino voters.
how is your relationship with your parents?
but, the company has its eye on the gluten-free market.
summer follows spring and spans from about 21 june to 22 september, in america.
the list of fraudulent ingredients continues to grow: orange juice from cartons sold as freshly squeezed; mont blanc desserts topped with korean chestnuts instead of the promised french ones; bought-in chocolate cream masquerading as home-made; imported beef sold as high-end wagyu.
the sorites is a particularly lethal weapon when used in the field of semantics, threatening to erase the boundaries on which rigid definitions depend.
she didn't know how to swim.
a proto-oncogene is a normal gene that could become an oncogene due to mutations or increased expression .
the most notable feature of ngc 1569 is its powerful starburst .
in the united states , states have primary jurisdiction in matters of public morality .
mendelssohn was bitterly to complain to kant that jacobi’s volume was like a monster that sported goethe for head, spinoza as torso, and lavater for feet.
the rise of gaming has its own place in the story of digital culture but cerf warns that important political and historical documents will also be lost to bit rot.
new paradigms have been created over time , and people either pointed them out at the time , or when looking back .
my mother - in- law died three years ago .
“typically, these products are going to go through many hands before they reach the shelves of sainsbury’s or wherever.
signs and symptoms of diphtheria usually begin two to five days after a person gets infected .
it was chicken soup.
she said, "your package is at the main post office.
strep throat usually lasts a few days without treatment .
the weapon 's barrel can not be removed quickly .
the find was made under very unfortunate circumstances .
basketball is today played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports .
i like seeing police boxes in my neighborhood .
he carefully moved across the crowded room .
the first taxi-type system started in paris and london in the early 17th century .
“if there are photos you really care about, print them out.” ancient civilizations suffered no such problems because histories written in cuneiform on baked clay tablets or rolled papyrus scrolls needed only eyes to read them.
the boys involved in the incident have apologized and offered to pay for the damage .
in the united states , the term is sometimes used in invitations , such as to weddings and office parties .
heroin is one of the most dangerous drugs because it is so addictive .
states are divided into counties or county - equivalents , which may be assigned some local governmental authority but are not sovereign .
philosophy is the study of humans and the world by thinking and asking questions .
nine - banded armadillos are generally insectivores .
he put the rag around his finger.
hydrazoic acid is very explosive .
epictetus taught that philosophy is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline .
everyone wants to reserve that book these days.
i like it here.
“actually you do get used to it after a while,” said george, an it technician from a village on the coast.
i do n't think that i will be there for greg 's performance since i have a conference .
a significant recent exception to this is ronald srigley’s albert camus’ critique of modernity (srigley 2011).
do you have a wind chill calculator ?
mooselookmeguntic lake is one of the longest place names in the united states .
a knee lift is a move where a wrestler uses their knee and brings it up to hit the opponent under the chin .
the philippines has 17 administrative regions .
some examples of large plinian eruptions that formed calderas include the following : the lava is usually rhyolitic and has a lot of silicates .
she runs around.
a well - known example of failing overcompensation , can be seen in people going through a mid life crisis .
"will you be home?"
pallor is more evident on the face and palms .
an analog multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output .
clean your room.
when was the last time you saw yours ?
she has already been named as the class president .
the body wall consists of a thin layer , which secretes a tough cuticle ; this is molted several times while growing to adulthood .
skyrmions are important in the emerging solid state technology of spintronics where they promise data storage at much higher densities than ever before .
since these lust and attraction stages are both described as temporary , a third stage might describe long-term love .
the head of government of each state is called the premier , appointed by the state 's governor .
i go out for walks.
the car is red.
the expedition traversed the desolate tundra , contending with subzero temperatures and sporadic blizzards .
the turkey was bigger than we expected .
the parading of osce observers and ukrainian security forces as prisoners is abhorrent and a flagrant violation of their human dignity, foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier said in a statement.
the vehicle that was used as an atmospheric drop test glider had no propulsion system .
semen ingestion has had central importance in some cultures around the world .
well, i want to try and beat the traffic.
are all of the lights back on the modem?
she must go home soon .
collectively, the companies cover the vast majority of online email, search, video and communications networks.
prior to the start of the season , the divisions of the league were re-aligned to reduce travel costs .
in some western cultures it is traditional for the man to make a proposal to the woman directly while genuflecting in front of her .
it was active for 55 years , until 1938 .
my owner takes me out for walks.
if he tried to touch it , he would be burned .
“it’s the environmental equivalent of putting a shopping centre right in the middle of the alhambra,” said noelia jurado, who uses her multimedia expertise to campaign against the complex.
she looked at the cat.
her letter said, "dear grandma, hello, i love you."
spiekeroog covers an area of 18.25 km2 , the shortest distance to the land is 5.7 km .
stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , although they form much more rapidly there than in the natural cave environment .
"do you teach adults how to swim?"
what many public figures have known to be true about gay people in their personal lives has been -- until recently -- unacceptable to acknowledge openly in the political realm.
they all inspired epistemological views (e.g., among marxists and pragmatists) which regarded human knowledge as a process.
what we need in new york are sensible solutions to the obesity issue that focus on a comprehensive approach to tackle an extremely complex problem, said eliot hoff, a spokesman for a beverage industry-sponsored group called new yorkers for beverage choices.
the lack of hair can cause health issues with kittens in the first weeks of life because they can get sick with respiratory infections .
results from the study showed that the mean annual income estimate was ₦524,096.
what time is class over?
a week later, she went to the beauty salon.
okay , let 's get started .
"what can i do?
viral populations do not grow through cell division , because they are acellular .
a large , furry animal ran right past me but i do n't know what it was .
ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers .
but the paper’s lead author and other conservationists said these animals’ surprising distribution across well-populated regions of europe showed that even the british countryside could support big predators.
the authors urge governments to develop an inclusive national development plan and to work with civil society to ensure the poorest people are represented politically as well as tackling difficult social norms such as dowries and witchcraft that contribute to extreme poverty: “this often means challenging and, perhaps, sweeping away aspects of the status quo and represents the most marked departure from 'business as usual'.”
the first reformed churches were established in europe in the 1500s , in the wake of the protestant reformation .
(by contrast, aristotle's logic had been a logic of terms, where subject and predicate terms were in principle interchangeable.)
i would like to reserve the hunger games.
daniel wanted to visit a farm.
tropical depression twenty three -e formed from a disturbance on october 7 .
swine are also called pigs.
there was a smallpox epidemic in 1839 that killed a large part of the population of the area .
the train stopped suddenly .
a stream cipher makes use of a much smaller and more convenient cryptographic key , for example 128 bits keys .
it was looking for food.
sweden is a constitutional monarchy because it has a king , carl xvi gustaf , but he does not have any real power .
there are a number of different methods for preparing a sugar-based rocket propellant .
she ran away with don.
as temperatures climb and oceans warm, tropical and subtropical regions will face sharp changes in annual rainfall, says the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) report, released in stockholm and published online in september.
some research suggests an association between personality and job satisfaction .
so many people have lost family members in the earthquake .
there is nothing in the purse.
the live hour-long series finale aired august 26 , 2014 , and was viewed by 1.003 million viewers for a 0.4 share in the 18 - 49 demographic .
gunnora signed many ducal charters up into the 1020s .
my sister might leave early today .
how long should i put them in for?
i'll take bottled water, and my wife would like one, too.
my sister is a nervous girl, but she is very kind.
she often wore her pajamas until noon .
alex wanted to become a citizen.
what distinguishes his project from marx’s is the way in which each will deal with the problem of concealment mentioned in the above quote.
most nudibranchs are carnivorous .
lack of water recently led the andalusía supreme court to uphold an appeal against plans to build a complex elsewhere in the region, which would have included golf courses, hotels and luxury homes.
a majority of women embrace at least some aspects of medicalization; many take it as part of responsible motherhood to maximize the expert management of their pregnancies and to follow risk-minimization advice carefully (seigel 2013).
the principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the wildlife trade .
the greater flamingo resides in mudflats and shallow coastal lagoons with salt water .
it is unknown when these masters met, but it must have been after henry of ghent had become a regent master in theology, a position that he obtained in 1276.
he was too dirty to work.
the dog has been sitting around all day so i am worried something is wrong .
sometimes it's a fish sandwich.
the primary application of cheminformatics is in the storage , indexing and search of information relating to compounds .
there is usually an option to produce audible representing the radiation intensity .
this search must be limited to causes that can be studied empirically—those ‘now in operation’, as lyell puts it in the sub-title of his principles.
after next week he will not be able to take a shower.
some materials that have been analyzed crystallographically , such as proteins , do not occur naturally as crystals .
she finally called at 7:30.
yet the ease with which many shoppers can make purchases is worrying some regulators around the world, who fear consumers may be spending more than they can afford.
billy was doing pushups.
from 1975 a new thing is starting .
tell me what you see .
objectives included seizing and holding a major port for a short period , both to prove that it was possible and to gather intelligence .
mammalian stem cells differentiate into several kinds of blood cell within the bone marrow .
it sat in the sink.
they sleep on top of one another.
the investors ?
i lost my gold ring .
an aspis was deeply dished and made primarily of wood .
2018; okoli et al.
during the 1990s , the mansion had a $ 4.4 million improvement program .
parkinson 's disease can cause the brain to not respond .
the president lent them his support .
the first buildings were huts and shelters , constructed by hand or with simple tools .
briesinger et al.
the court has n't decided the punishment yet .
imperialism was understood as a system of military domination and sovereignty over territories.
some women protested , because his designs covered up their legs , which they did not during wartime .
according to cantor, two sets a and b have the same size, or cardinality, if they are bijectable, i.e., the elements of a can be put in a one-to-one correspondence with the elements of b.
bring your swimsuit, too."
since 2002 , he has also been an adviser of france .
the manager has n't told the employees about it yet .
i could hear the monks chanting .
while production on the show wrapped in february 2001 , new episodes were shown until march 2004 .
a shooting star is when a wrestler jumps forward from higher ground and performs a backflip in midair .
it would not be in the interest of the united states to put this on the back burner, one official said.
in humans and animals , fear is adjusted by cognition and learning .
german people started arriving in 1828 , after brazilian independence .
distances measured in fractions of a parsec usually involve objects within the same star system .
he eats a bowl of cereal for breakfast.
see you later.
speaking your own mind can be as important as listening .
by the start of the 20th century , the economies of germany and the united states had begun catching up to britain , especially in their industrialization .
he didn't have to do his homework.
what was the matter?
several november records for deep snow were broken .
today nothing but stone ruins and the elevated railway water tank remain of the township .
the hot air balloon is the oldest form of flying technology that can successfully carry people .
the data in these tasks are typically represented in the euclidean space.
again, thank you and have a good day!
in canada and the united states , neighborhoods are often given official or semi-official status through neighborhood associations , neighborhood watches or block watches .
stadium food is expensive .
brown bears, wolves, the eurasian lynx and wolverines are found in nearly one-third of mainland europe (excluding belarus, ukraine and russia), with most individuals living outside nature reserves, indicating that changing attitudes and landscape-scale conservation measures are successfully protecting species that have suffered massive persecution throughout human history.
a lot of electricity is used in arc welding .
he likes fish.
redhill is the only mrt station in which the two platforms are not parallel .
i do n't know whether or not mother will allow you to do that .
you want to go get one?
an official, whose route home has come under attack from rebels in daraya, said: “if i was afraid, i would just shut my door and stay inside.
prostitution – the easiest way of financing drug addiction – has similarly skyrocketed.
for example, the transition from physics to philosophy of physics to physics-heavy metaphysics to common-or-garden metaphysics seems to be gradual.
i'm always right.
this is the room where it all began .
the advent of broadband in the year 2000 has created a generation of digital natives, ofcom (which checks standards in the uk communications industries) says in its annual study of british consumers.
in this context, “anthropology” does not refer to the study of past cultures, as it often does in the united states.
he needs to call his parents .
during the third hour after the shooting , an autopsy was performed due to overwhelming media interest .
as a former president of ireland he was accorded a state funeral .
it follows from the second law of thermodynamics that the entropy of a system that is not isolated may decrease .
“we deal with some very disturbingly dirty sites.” typical salary: the entry-level salary is usually around £14,500 and a top salary can be up to £22,000.
like many behaviors , aggression can be examined in terms of its ability to help an animal itself survive and reproduce , or alternatively to risk survival and reproduction .
the hosts were only announced after the qualifying round , which meant all teams had to participate in the qualification process for the final stage .
you must use these herbs to season the chicken .
i had hoped to get some sleep but the baby made too much noise .
she 's made a lot of friends .
although numerous on the small offshore islands , the quokka is classified as vulnerable .
i tried, but i could not.
the letter came after arpaio, who had already been the target of hundreds of lawsuits, launched a series of what he calls crime-suppression patrols in largely latino neighborhoods.
sally had a cold.
after all, requiring some initial scientific proof of a repressed memory and injury is a good idea, but a medical provider can not really provide any assurances about the identity of an assailant -- other than relying upon the patient's words.
textiles have been used since the beginning of civilization .
then, he washed the pan.
from this , we now can evaluate the integral .
three people were killed and more than 180 others hurt.
he tells her how to swim better.
we just have to accept our son-in- law .
this work supported the big-bang theory of the universe beginning .
we do lots of things together.
did you hear obama 's speech about the new policies for the nsa ?
the suit contains 17 sensors that register movement up to 120 times per second in three dimensions for 23 joints.
of course, the central controversy here is whether voluntary active euthanasia is permissible.
sadoway, whose work has attracted an investment from bill gates, said successful use of his liquid metal battery could reduce the need for new fossil-fuel burning power plants.
“there are lots of people who have been in fifa for more than 20 or 30 years that have not been accused of anything.”
senior administration officials told reporters last week that obama remains committed to comprehensive immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers.
five-minute walk from city centre.
when pain occurs , the woman may be distracted from feeling pleasure and excitement .
hence, they will not accept a solution that will produce a new regime in which they are not guaranteed a leading role.
they learned how to answer questions.
with advances in medicinal chemistry , most of today 's antibacterials chemically are modifications of various natural compounds .
the geodetic center of north america is located within the county .
natalie brought a bagel for dylan .
after being socialized in a human home as infants , the monkeys undergo extensive training before being placed with an individual needing assistance .
she picked up a paper towel.
michael rosser, news editor for screen international, suggests that it is this “shared universe” of highly infectious nostalgia that keeps star wars in pole position among film franchises.
the museum does research and public service work .
i 've counted how many times she 's come late to work .
﻿throughout a momentous day at liverpool’s anglican cathedral for the families of the 96 people who died so needlessly at sheffield wednesday’s hillsborough football ground, one phrase dominated above all else: the truth.
he forgot about the man with the contagious disease.
the exhibition runs from the 10th to the 28th of october 2012.
he shouted, "pull over to the side of the road."
moody died in hospital on 11 june 2015 , aged 91 .
her last class is her english class.
in its existence since 1962 there were a number of important changes .
she said, "that's okay.
the election election used the supplementary vote system , which is where the voters choose a first and a second choice of candidates .
there are different theories how water could enter the tank .
i'll give it my best.
the bbq was incomplete without sausages .
thank you for making me feel at home.
“if they are doing this, they are doing it without our knowledge,” one said.
today laser engraving machines are in development but still mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
he has edited and written many books and articles on education theory , policy and practice , and has appeared on many panels and symposia .
the award categories have changed over the years .
the median income for a household in 2000 was $ 16,563 per year .
the police are looking for don and his mom.
sharon's mom came into the room.
is your shirt made from burlap ?
cancer has been around for many thousands of years .
i like your sister .
brian walked around the store.
but the committee is still mainly made up of politicians .
the man at the charity said yes.
there is no evidence that pedophilia can be cured .
sure, rubio is young and charismatic.
enforce the cease-fire and millions will march toward the presidential palace demanding assad's ouster.
we digitize things because we think we will preserve them but what we don’t understand is that, unless we take other steps, those digital versions may not be any better, and may even be worse, than the artefacts that we digitized,” cerf says.
the median income for a household in the city was $ 16,563 , and the median income for a family was $ 33,125 .
owing to the physical nature of farming activities, the health of farmers could be adversely affected by diseases including malaria if they have little or no medical attention.
i bought both of them .
this subfamily is widely distributed , and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments .
pincers , often red-hot , have been used as an instrument of torture since the middle ages or earlier .
some types of chemotherapy are gonadotoxic and may cause infertility .
however , recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time .
the election results of 18 september were surprising because they differed widely from the polls of the previous weeks .
the technology sector dresses itself up as progressive when in reality it shows every indication of being, at its core, powerfully retrograde.
let's go to see a movie, anthony.
fireworks dates back to the 7th century and originated in china .
up to five players can play at a time .
as of april 28 , 2013 , the online multiplayer servers are shut down .
her brother joined the finnish navy .
other authors have attempted to use evolutionary game theory in order to explain the emergence of human attitudes about morality and corresponding animal behaviors .
there are many other variations on male masturbation techniques .
the company changed its mind and decided not to fire us after all .
the mayor was in a hurry.
unfortunately for the indonesian capital, it has pumped out so much groundwater to support its population that the land above is drying out and compacting, thereby creating a bowl.
i'm proud of our police."
ragtime fell out of favor as jazz claimed the public 's imagination after 1917 , but there have been numerous revivals since .
i love the taste of certain special kinds of food in the autumn .
more than 60 types of synesthesia have been reported , but only a small number have been studied by scientists .
the reason for the designated hitter is because many pitchers are not good hitters .
charity, on her account, demands that we aid others, but we cannot do so at the expense of violating rights to non-interference, or negative rights.
post-colonialism will be used to describe the political and theoretical struggles of societies that experienced the transition from political dependence to sovereignty.
here is some money for gas anyway.
the song is about people who suffer , including a girl with cancer .
“there remains a huge role for aid in the next 20 years, as many developing countries spend less than $500 on each of their citizens a year.
amusement park go-karts can be powered by 4 - stroke engines or electric motors .
the name of the doll is molly.
i was rooting for the cubs.
helen has a boyfriend.
punching bags have been used in martial arts for as long as there has been a written history of military training .
there are various methods used to treat phobias .
"but sometimes it's nice to sleep in, especially on the weekend.
the executive officers ?
(the other, discussed below, takes up women’s diversity.)
i'm from vietnam by the way.
as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 758,791 , with 748,551 in the municipal seat .
her skirt did not cover her knees .
he puts oil on the bike chain.
black tea is often blended and mixed with various other plants in order to obtain a beverage .
of course, this does not rule out that there are theoretical reasons for a distinction between “there is” and “exists”, some of which are discussed below.
it is held in many mental health circles that masturbation can relieve depression and lead to a higher sense of self-esteem .
thanksgiving is a holiday celebrated predominantly in north america, and it possesses a different meaning in each of the countries where it's acknowledged.
ryan has some of the most interesting sweaters .
creos is working towards the national electric vehicle objective that consists of installing 800 public charging stations for electric cars and hybrid plug- in cars across the country by 2020 .
the eyes make way for the nose, or an external (sticking-out) organ that plays an important part in the breathing and bacteria-elimination processes.
the differing opinions on these matters are not new, and the fact that there are differing opinions within both parties is not new, carney said tuesday.
on average in europe, wolves live on land with a population density of 37 people per sq km, lynx in areas with a population density of 21 people per sq km and bears among 19 people per sq km.
pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria , fungi , and viruses .
appointments to both orders stopped after 14 august 1947 .
take your umbrella if it 's overcast .
one of the hardest hit areas was the skiing village of hakuba, where at least seven housing and storage structures collapsed.
but locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture, where the plant is located, raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake.
the origin of the wedge is unknown , because it has been in use as early as the stone age .
bill saw the wheelchair on the front porch.
there are some broad differences between encyclopedias and dictionaries .
over the next three to four days a massive nationwide hunt was launched to find the stolen items .
aspinall, chair of the hillsborough family support group, said that, although the families’ loss would never fade, she was “delighted” at the unequivocal, “profound” apology given for hillsborough’s savage failings by david cameron.
despite fears that large carnivores are doomed to extinction because of rising human populations and overconsumption, a study published in science has found that large-predator populations are stable or rising in europe.
bees and ants make more complex shelters than mice .
in 1839 smallpox killed many of the people who lived in the area .
has the government intervened ?
she always put apples in her yogurt .
that's why a plaintiff is prohibited under the rules from identifying the defendant by name until the court gives permission.
when writing currency amounts the location of the symbol varies by currency .
cofactors can be divided into two types , either inorganic ions , or complex organic molecules called coenzymes .
the british government announced that she would receive a ceremonial funeral with military honours at st paul’s cathedral.
i have two fish in a bowl .
she had a beautiful necklace around her neck .
they are usually regarded as the most basal of the caecilian families , with numerous characteristics lacking in the other groups .
gender issues are n't innovation issues only if your gender is dominant and the norm.
it is a kind of prisoner 's dilemma : saving benefits each individual but damages the general population .
syncopation has been an important element of european musical composition since at least the middle ages .
she was a fast eater.
jainism teaches that time has no beginning or end .
we find that the radial action of the subhalo orbit decreases over the first few orbits, indicating that the response to the growth of the host halo is not adiabatic during this phase.
this is the room where i do most of my thinking .
yeah, i guess you were right – for once.
how about at the train station by the bar?
yet, during the final month of school, linda got an email that changed her life.
refusing their reduced pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th .
clearing hoarders’ houses full of rubbish, rats and excrement … among other things.
the land on which the circuit is built was originally bought in 1926 by property developers .
mab is heavily perturbed , meaning its movement is not only caused by the gravity of another large thing .
“when you make something so convenient, people may not be really thinking, ‘do i have the budget?
since 1963 he has been interested in chemical warfare and biological defense and arms control .
we had practice at the rink every morning .
late complications happen later on after fgm is done .
there were several fire engines in mita yesterday .
people whose lives were changed by the tsunami were interviewed by nhk .
without treatment , an acute attack of gout usually resolves in five to seven days ; however , 60 % of people have a second attack within one year .
there is debate, however, as to how feasible—accessible and stable—these are in a modern economic environment (o’neill 2012).
both species bore a passing or superficial resemblance to a very small , dog-sized saber - toothed cat .
though aashto is not a government body , it possesses quasi-governmental powers in the sense that the organizations that supply its members customarily obey most aashto decisions .
in following years a number of books presented by foreign publishers have been seized by egyptian authorities .
mother wanted mark to wear a nicer shirt .
naturalism can apparently rest its claims on a set of standards with fuzzy boundaries.
the argument depends upon the idea that enminded beings are self-movers.
she has red lips.
nato secretary-general anders fogh rasmussen announced friday that heads of state had agreed to a new mission statement, calling it the alliance's road map for the next 10 years.
s of 2019 , skyteam flies to more than 1,150 destinations in more than 175 countries and operates more than 14,500 daily flights .
many prophets make a large number of prophecies .
the designation of a device as either input or output depends on perspective .
such radiation may occur during the collapse of a star when its matter density becomes much higher than the nuclear density.
they go from left to right.
although the english word imperialism was not commonly used before the nineteenth century, elizabethans already described the united kingdom as “the british empire.” as britain began to acquire overseas dependencies, the concept of empire was employed more frequently.
income is highly associated with prenatal health care .
then she read another page.
the commerce and state departments will revoke any existing export licenses that meet these conditions, the white house said in a statement.
it's a strong possibility.
the cluster contains at least a dozen early o stars , of which at least three are eclipsing binaries .
one or more contestants would walk on .
strategies of wildfire prevention , detection , and suppression have varied over the years .
small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays , which have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the problem of meeting this challenge, while evading hume’s argument against the possibility of doing so, has become known as “the problem of induction”.
very few pyramidia have survived into modern times .
poster 3 follow the examiner's instructions.
he moved to paris in 1802 , where he spent the rest of his life , renting an upper floor of a house in a poor part of town .
the objects of labor are not expressions and confirmations of the human reality of the worker, but alien things, belonging to someone other than the worker—“commodities.” (marcuse 2005b: 104) marcuse will spend the rest of his life carrying out the investigations started in these early works.
she has a cat?
yes, i have one with my college and one with my local library.
the stone circle was set up between 2900 and 2600 bc .
in 1933 the first gravel runways were built .
she finished her coffee.
the crowd left the stadium slowly .
garnica started in athletics after his eyesight got really bad , and is a t12 long distance track and field races .
the old bridge township public schools serve students in kindergarten through twelfth grade .
in the japanese cuisine , chefs often use shellfish and their roe in different dishes .
not all parts of language are controlled mostly by the left hemisphere .
after his retirement he wrote other chess treatises , but his isolation prevented him from assimilating the positional ideas of the new generation of chess-players .
he loved his job.
many things were broken .
natural and contaminant organometallic compounds are found in the environment .
measurements made in the laboratory are essential to our understanding of the sources and sinks of pollutants and compounds found in nature .
between 1918 and 1940 , the center of the city undertook large renovation work .
jamie continued her day without making any more mistakes and went home relieved .
it is possible to use rounded arithmetic to evaluate the exact value of a function with a discrete domain and range .
short eruptions can end in less than a day .
it was found on the train .
hand me that tool, dear.
gabrielle starts the series as a young girl who more or less stands behind xena , and relies on xena to protect her .
clarin remains a rather unknown figure in the spanish literary world .
i like to be around cheerful people .
while the united states has pushed for stimulating economic expansion with more government spending, many european allies are tightening their belts.
the accipitrine hawks generally hunt birds as their primary prey .
by the 1990s the debates about whether there was a coherent concept of woman that could underlie feminist politics was further challenged by non-western women challenging the western women’s movement as caught up in eurocentric ideals that led to the colonization and domination of “third world” people.
she looked at the back yard.
the crowd roared when he scored a goal .
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris .
humanity’s first steps into the digital world could be lost to future historians, vint cerf told the american association for the advancement of science’s annual meeting in san jose, california, warning that we faced a “forgotten generation or even a forgotten century” through what he called “bit rot”, where old computer files become useless junk.
the park is frequently closed because of sulphur gas .
all she could see was black hair with a little bit of purple tint.
her grandfather loved his steak rare .
if the electrons follow the poisson distribution , a partial interference leads to a linear increase in intensity .
her cheeks turned pink .
moreover, a whole new generation was reached through a hugely successful goldeneye video-game spin-off, making a significant contribution to perceptions that the bond film was no longer stale and old-fashioned.
he urged allies to cut fat, not muscle and pool military spending.
protostars are young objects that have not yet completed the process of contraction from a gas nebula to a veritable star .
a gun is not something which a child should be able to access .
don't forget to put on your seatbelts.
this failure in part led to what has been called the crisis of marxism to which the birth of the frankfurt school was a response.
both non-financial and financial capital accumulation is usually needed for economic growth , since additional production usually requires additional funds to enlarge the scale of production .
it is used as a catalyst in organic chemistry .
reality television featuring law enforcement officers on the beat is nothing new.
we are with you.”
worst part of the job: “the unsociable hours,” says ryan.
she put on her rain boots.
health care for homeless people is a major public health challenge .
he didn't understand the words.
it aims to double exports to america in 2014 and will soon start producing teff-based pizzas, bread and cookies.
there is a storm coming .
garnica started in athletics after his vision severely deteriorated , and is a t12 long distance track and field events .
what happens when a pitcher hits a batter with the ball?
while you're at kenya, i'll be studying for medical school.
modern exact cladistic analyses have not been conclusive .
john f. w. herschel was in cape town on a mission to do for the southern hemisphere what his father william had done for the northern, namely to develop a comprehensive star map with the new powerful telescopes developed by his father and aunt.
although it is the first review on gnns, this survey mainly reviews convolutional gnns.
however , several fishermen died since the 1980s .
but amid these fast-moving events, al-zawahiri has seemed more the cheerleader than the leader, reacting to events rather than directing them.
he loved animals.
if you don't want me to make a scene, tell the counselor i'm here.
i 'd like to be a godmother .
after a brief explanation of how the exchange of letters with mendelssohn had originated, the main text goes on with a somewhat abbreviated version of the correspondence itself.
therefore , the mean of the grouped data is
recently, the embattled comedian's attorneys filed a motion to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the actor-comedian of sexually assaulting plaintiff judith huth in 1974 at the playboy mansion when she was 15.
crystallographic methods now depend on analysis of the diffraction patterns of a sample targeted by a beam of some type .
if i had seen where you put it , i 'd tell you .
there is a grape stuck in my nostril .
this species stings in response to being stepped on or grabbed , but generally avoids conflict .
the legal status of prostitution varies from country to country , from being legal and considered a profession to being punishable by death .
fgm may increase a woman 's risk of having problems during pregnancy and childbirth .
the number of white blood cells increases when a person is fighting infection or disease and decrease when a person is healthy .
since there are these two quite different conceptions of what a moral principle says, our discussion will need to address both possibilities.
it was a cadillac.
will skyfall remain a high water mark for the bond movie or can spectre extend this winning run?
i have never been someone who could stand up in front of a lot of people and speak .
in the 1680s and 1690s , two french composers added carols into their works .
i visited a very large house in spain that had the finest quality furniture in every room .
her son was 16 years old.
one possible game changer is if the protest movement in syria becomes widespread and covers large stretches of the country.
millipedes appear in folklore and traditional medicine around the world .
the marbled polecat is found from southeast europe to russia and china .
but what can young people do to combat loneliness?
yesterday he asked his teacher a spelling question.
did you want to go somewhere?
the bottom line is that the two main protagonists in the conflict look at the annan plan as a means to achieve their respective, mutually exclusive objectives.
critics expressed mixed opinions of the game 's audio .
they popped in the oil.
when cells that contain channelrhodopsin are exposed to blue light, they become activated.
they learned how to spell words.
harvestmen are not dangerous to humans .
to: jon from: sue subject: great presentation!
“the main reason we are running the planet is that we are amazingly good at communicating and coordinating.
from knowing this , we can now evaluate the integral .
data for this study were collected by field survey method from 15 processors and 150 farmers.
such collections are called proper classes.
another recently described rare , but serious , side effect is propofol infusion syndrome .
the legal scholar delineated the intricate framework of international humanitarian law and its application in conflict zones .
how could he lose weight?
my stomach hurts.
this rationale, and others like it, are exactly the kind of 1,000 paper cuts marginalization that result in fewer women pursuing tech careers to begin with.
it was walking on the grass.
athletes may be professionals or amateurs .
safety glasses are worn to protect the eyes in various situations .
a consultant is usually an expert or a professional , in a specific field , who also has a wide knowledge of the subject matter .
her mom said, "okay, i will be patient.
many objects with sponge- like textures are now made of substances not derived from poriferans .
because promos are produced in smaller quantity than releases made available to the general public , they are sometimes considered valuable collectors ' items .
a strong earthquake shook central japan on saturday night, injuring dozens of people and destroying homes in a well-known ski resort, authorities said.
in the 15th century , the first europeans arrived .
saffron 's aroma is often described by connoisseurs as reminiscent of metallic honey with grassy or hay - like notes , while its taste has also been noted as hay -like and sweet .
india was not affected by the imperial order-in- council of 1825 that attempted to introduce the british sterling coinage to the british colonies .
the region is rich in sea life .
miso is a part of many japanese -style meals .
sewing, in announcing 18,000 job cuts and the closure of its global equities business in a major revamp announced in 2019, said the investment bank should contribute only 30% of core revenues.
how much is the book?
the series proved popular with american audiences and critical response , though sparse , was positive .
several officials met to discuss the policy .
henneberg added another sentence to the statement tuesday, saying that a romney-ryan administration will always ensure that disaster funding is there for those in need.
its uk chief executive, david nussbaum, said: “the scale of the destruction highlighted in this report should act as a wake-up call for us all.
he couldn't find his cell phone.
many things can play a part in a player 's success in arm wrestling .
brent liked to listen to loud music in his car.
they have filed a demurrer , which challenges the legal sufficiency of the claims or the complaint itself.
fastpitch pitching distance can be between 35 and 45 feet ; it all depends on the age of the players .
not all japanese people read manga .
"why are you wearing a hoody?"
no money can buy the love of a family or friends .
they 've lived there all their lives .
under standard conditions , potassium bromide is a white crystalline powder .
i am hurrying!
difficulties arise in tracing the history of design management .
the least skipper can be found in damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
someone might steal his money.
freestyle snowboarding is now an olympic sport .
the show, which premiers this weekend on fox reality channel, features arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants.
phishers have sometimes used images instead of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to detect the text commonly used in phishing emails .
foods and beverages contain a lot of aromatic compounds , some naturally present in the raw materials and some forming during processing .
but what does justice demand?
how about you?
we 've lived in tokyo for a long time .
its relative minor is f minor and its parallel minor is a-flat minor .
the cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful and specialized jaw .
a move in which a wrestler jumps from the top turnbuckle , top rope or the apron landing one knee across a supine opponent .
he called the relationship between color and salt formation halochromy of which malachite green is a prime example .
cholera 's main symptoms are very bad diarrhea and vomiting clear fluid .
the temple is famous for the approximately 25,000 black rats that live , and are revered , in the temple .
although he first used the phrase in its original german form (bürgerhumanismus) as early as 1925, its popularity stems from the publication in 1955 of his classic book the crisis of the early italian renaissance: civic humanism and republican liberty in an age of classicism and tyranny (revised 1966).
the effectiveness of the measure was questioned , since the video was available not only on youtube , but also on other sites as part of an internet phenomenon .
the apical complex includes vesicles called rhoptries and micronemes , which open at the anterior of the cell .
don't worry, joey.
studying nearby starburst galaxies can help us explore the history of galaxy formation and evolution .
the episode includes cover versions of six songs .
editors have so far made two platinum albums , selling over two million copies around the world .
hydrogen has three isotopes ; the others are called deuterium and tritium .
this move is performed to an opponent set up resting back first against the turnbuckle .
you're kidding me!
my son loves to read travel books and dream about going to exotic places .
according to the world bank, only 46% of municipal solid waste in africa is collected.
city flat beautiful two-bedroom city flat five minutes' walk from the cathedral.
as the tenaru battle was ending , more japanese troops were already on their way .
researchers publish their findings in journals .
the organization of the petroleum exporting countries, which has also revised down demand growth, however, still expects output cuts to keep the market in deficit throughout 2021.
remarkably, the communication between the rats was two-way.
the bridge is 2109 m long and it was opened for traffic on december 18 , 2014 .
traditional gene names and abbreviations are often not specific for a single gene .
it was the new testament.
a harmonium and handclaps were added on july 16 .
if i had found it , you 'd know .
can you deliver it?"
bird banders have found that only 25 % of juvenile american robins live through their first year .
"you are like a turtle," she said.
he died on 4 august 2018 .
lynch said: “the department of justice is committed to ending the rampant corruption we have described amidst the leadership of international football – not only because of the scale of the schemes alleged earlier and today, or the breadth of the operation required to sustain such corruption, but also because of the affront to international principles that this behaviour represents.” the acting fifa president, issa hayatou, refused to comment on the detail of the latest arrests.
instead of being assembled by a record label or a producer like most boy bands , 98 degrees formed independently .
in 2017 , the museum received 2,165,601 visitors , scotland 's most popular visitor attraction that year .
jane said, "no.
people walked by.
however , the theater was closed on royal order in 1792 and it became a warehouse .
obama is reported to have phoned boehner to begin negotiation.
it's always low in the sky.
what should we keep ?
i am trying to find the owner of this cat --- it is yours ?
his wife was sherry.
thomas began his career at fourteen as an announcer on a local radio show .
this is a difficult question to answer, because descartes didn’t write in english.
so we can play outside.
no certain dates can be assigned to this empress 's life or reign .
“release our leaders, respect our votes, reject military coup,” said one sign.
nothing will get in his way .
the water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same rate as it enters .
do you have a spot where you want me to put all these books ?
by the early 1990s, marxists seemed to have disappeared or at least become very circumspect (though the downfall of communist regimes needn’t have had any effect on marxist analysis proper, which never subscribed to leninist or maoist thought).
the government allows some people to apply for work permits .
yeah, that new movie that i want to see is out.
we are told that no distinction is to be made between the state of a natural object and what i know about it, or perhaps better, what i can know about it if i go to some trouble.
these crustaceans are from 2 to in length , with a long body .
i'm planning to go to medical school.
the kinetic energy of a rotating flywheel is
hana loved lemon flavored candy .
i have to tell you something.
study at the library.
both colonialism and imperialism were forms of conquest that were expected to benefit europe economically and strategically.
new species have been created by domesticated animal husbandry , but the initial dates and methods are not clear .
there are two major highways in the county .
i'll ask my mom to take a picture of it and send it to me.
but this notion of a universal womanhood was interrupted by other thinkers, such as bell hooks, saying that it excluded non-white and non-middle-class women’s experience and concerns.
seed renewal was low as 63.1% of the farmers used retained planting materials.
it makes the internet connection twice as fast.
as of 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 70,160 .
federalist no. 10 is generally regarded as the most important of the 85 articles from a philosophical perspective .
krumpf also served as an ss guard at the nazi-run sachsenhausen concentration camp in germany and at slave labor sites in nazi-occupied france, where prisoners under his watch built launching platforms for german missile attacks on england, glavin said.
he was a teacher.
i am aware from my own case that, say, wincing is the result of pain so, on seeing another’s wincing, i am justified in judging them to be in pain.
finally, we propose potential research directions in this rapidly growing field.
over the next few days , a psychological war takes place .
there are profit margins at every step and small farmers are not necessarily well placed to bargain with the bigger traders,” says david hallam, trade and markets director at the un’s food and agriculture organization.
the upperside of the wings is black , without a band and with one row of red crescents along the hindwing margin .
a propulsion system with a higher specific impulse uses the mass of the propellant more efficiently .
it wasn't the principle.
independence is another advantage of owning a small business .
crystallinity can be measured using x-ray diffraction , but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used .
his works are numerous .
images of the god were kept in homes to protect from evil and so he was shown quite differently from the other gods .
the tv was too big for his new apartment.
we were very close to going to france , but the flight was canceled .
land threatens the overall economy of ethiopia.
that 's the area where the lightening hit .
electric rays are found from shallow coastal waters down to at least 1000 m depth .
unlike other races , the trophy is in the form of a grandfather clock , which has been a tradition since 1964 .
sign me up right away!
college is expensive to go to .
is this your first baseball game, anthony?
he won one piano contest after another.
"it's a lot of pressure.
you have to.
the bacterium was first found in a 43 - year- old american woman .
many foods can trigger anaphylaxis ; this may occur upon the first known ingestion .
the first derivative test is used in calculus optimization problems .
from the 19th century , the building was used as a ballroom , a restaurant and even a bowling alley .
in regular play , two defencemen play with three forwards and a goaltender on the ice .
on such a view the first-person case is treated as secondary, reversing the traditional picture associated with the argument from analogy.
and so it seemed that it was n't only in jest that scharfe said, ten years from now, i 'll be at home having a beer in denmark and the robot will come to ted to give a talk.
tell me one single subject you're doing well in.
the water , having been separated from the air , leaves the camera aeolis at the same speed as it enters .
how can we separate these facts from ownership ?
she was scared.
he loved her.
bopp died of liver failure on january 5 , 2018 , at the age of 68 .
common toads can live for many years and have survived for fifty years in captivity .
nobody had enough money .
erdogan understands power and pursues it like no other politician in turkey's modern history.
he eats a sandwich for lunch.
the game received fairly good reviews from critics .
an elbow drop is where a wrestler jumps or falls down onto their opponent while driving their elbow into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
long-distance relays have become increasingly popular with runners of all skill levels .
singapore's economy shrank by 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008, the ministry of trade and industry said thursday, as it forecast the economy would contract between 2 and 5 percent this year.
the teacher said, "i want to bring you to new york.
other distances are sometimes run , particularly indoors .
the specifics of their reproductive systems vary considerably within the group , including three forms of hermaphroditism and at least seven forms of parthenogenesis .
new laws in louisiana, tennessee, south carolina and georgia require businesses to enroll in the federal e-verify program to ensure that employees are eligible to work in the united states, the national conference of state legislatures says.
i usually have dinner with the family in the evening.
to work hard is a principle.
if you have any questions about this just let me know – i'll be in the office tomorrow morning.
there have been numerous disputes over what constituted production and modified cars when used in motorsports .
the younger boys were working as hard as the older men .
i live in a big house on ivy street.
i really miss them, too!
for wheels without joints , climbing obstacles will cause the body of the vehicle to tilt .
the individual mineral grains in schist , drawn out into flaky scales by heat and pressure , can be seen by the naked eye .
the tickets may have to be shown or checked automatically at the station platform or when going onto the system , or during the ride by a conductor .
kant called his position “transcendental” and “critical” idealism, and it has also been called “formal” idealism.
centers often coordinate with outside programs .
the museum also has a small asian collection .
pick-up is tomorrow.
in finland , peace and quiet in isolation is often the object of the pastime .
a total of 47 countries entered the qualification .
however , the principle is applied very broadly beyond bottles to paint and automobile parts such as tires .
the median income for a household in the city was $ 32,588 , and the median income for a family was $ 36,165 .
once a personally satisfying design is carved, a lit candle is typically put inside a pumpkin, thereby making it a jack-o-lantern.
you must not get too close to the fire .
and the merry-go-round, too!
goaltenders are not allowed to be captains during games .
he vacuumed it with a small vacuum cleaner.
we gave father a tie for his birthday .
it has two major branches, differential calculus and integral calculus; the former concerns instantaneous rates of change, and the slopes of curves, while integral calculus concerns accumulation of quantities, and areas under or between curves.
maricopa co.. sheriff joe arpaio now has his own tv show, smile: you 're under arrest.
farmhouse four-bedroom farmhouse in the countryside.
all of these animals are omnivores , but have different feeding behaviors and favorite foods .
the right to silence is a legal protection enjoyed by people undergoing police interrogation or trial in certain countries .
a week ago, the sudanese government and the sudan people's liberation movement signed an agreement to allow peacekeepers in abyei, aimed at ending strife that has ravaged much of the country.
mark bought a new car last week.
sure thing, that sounds great.
in may 2015 , brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of the illness .
plumbers often make a lot of money .
in a speech to government forces thursday -- army foundation day -- president bashar al-assad said he was confident the government would triumph over the opposition, according to the state-run syrian arab news agency.
also , there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might obtain an original warning .
fire plays a major role in the ecology of the forest with many plant species needing fire to regenerate .
a cheese fondue would be kept at a temperature warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not at a great heat to cause burning .
the first documented case of a child cured of hiv, reported in march, was followed in july by a report of two adult hiv patients no longer showing any signs of virus after undergoing stem-cell transplants and stopping antiretroviral treatment.
letter frequency distributions are also used in frequency analysis to crack ciphers , and are used to compare the relative frequency of letters in different languages .
beutel died on 8 may 2019 aged 72 .
“hopefully, next time it won’t be in the eleventh hour.
the two planes landed without incident.
livestock activities are also economically relevant , with pigs and cattle being the most important .
axles are an important structural component of a wheeled vehicle .
[3] despite these definitional worries, there is a fair amount of agreement about the classical, historically paradigmatic form of nationalism.
the burden of proof is always on the person who brings a claim in a dispute .
he was not warm either.
they keep their clothes in the closet.
event cache : meeting organized and attended by geocachers .
did you put the tape there?
"no, you have to find your own job," the man said.
each day andrew said, "you're very welcome."
i love the frosting.
jacobi’s obvious agenda, in other words, both at the time of this meeting with lessing and later, in the exchange of views with mendelssohn, was to attack the rationalism of the enlightenment.
most thinking in genetics has focused upon vertical transfer , but the importance of horizontal gene transfer among single -cell organisms is beginning to be acknowledged .
this study investigated the economic effects of malaria on cocoa farmers in ondo state, nigeria using the ordinary least square regression technique.
the buildings are not tall , but the complex covers a large area of land .
tracy loves her flag.
she would ride on a beautiful float.
the north koreans have been making threats for as long as i can remember .
ryman died on february 8 , 2019 , at the age of 88 .
the teacher spoke only english.
can't we drive to grandma's house?
christian metal bands exist in all the subgenres of heavy metal music , and the only common link between most christian metal bands are the lyrics .
he was then nominated by the prime minister to serve as the minister of finance .
it opens in three weeks.
these frogs lack adhesive toe discs found in the tree frogs .
we can meet after school.
however , the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time .
dutch newspaper the parool has pointed out that in the 19th century troublemakers were moved to villages in drenthe and overijssel, which rapidly became slums.
more than half the vehicles were 2001-2004 model year ford escapes.
the naval engagement between the small german convoy and the craft carrying no. 3 commando had alerted the german defenders at blue beach .
games are divided into 40 - minute halves , with a break in the middle .
web feeds are designed to be machine - readable rather than human-readable , which tends to be a source of confusion when people first encounter web feeds .
the median income for a household was $ 41,290 .
that means one of the world’s only regulatory market mechanisms aimed at cutting greenhouse gas emissions is failing in its key goals.
could you check to see who won the baseball game?
jack kept a white mouse as a pet .
machiavelli criticizes at length precisely this moralistic view of authority in his best-known treatise, the prince.
he doesn't eat much.
the murids are classified in five subfamilies , around 150 genera and about 710 species .
korats may rarely have some white markings or spots , or even pale gray stripes .
however, kant’s position does not provide a clear model of idealism at all.
more than three-quarters of american voters believe marijuana should be decriminalized, which 14 states have done.
a consultant is usually an expert or an experienced professional in a specific field and has a wide knowledge of the subject matter .
introduction nairobi national park (nnp) ecosystem provides numerous use benefits (direct and indirect) and non-use benefits that include existence, option and bequest values.
for the individual , information security has a significant effect on privacy , which is viewed very differently in various cultures .
the current flag was adopted on march 1 , 1961 .
scholars ' rocks can be any color , and contrasting colors are not uncommon .
it was his jokes that made me laugh so much .
sales meeting this afternoon at 12 noon.
most significantly for current purposes, bruni used his great erudition to defend and promote the cause of republican government, especially as practiced in florence during his day.
also , there are multiple ways that an emergency communication system might receive an original warning .
the lower part of the trap contains glands which take nutrients from captured insects .
starting in 1941 , all entering students had to be high school graduates .
these are australian political parties which are no longer registered with any federal , state or territory political bodies , and can thus no longer contest elections .
i 'm afraid she 's not available right now .
i 've never been outside of japan .
we look forward to meeting you soon.
children 's literature can be divided into categories , either according to genre or the intended age of the reader .
the giant panda is a conservation - reliant vulnerable species .
he got a sponge damp.
there were dolls from china.
elemental potassium does not occur in nature because of its high reactivity .
he wasn't able to read.
his teacher told him how to spell it.
she loves the news because it is always new.
in a statement, google said: “google cares deeply about the security of our users’ data.
“i’m hoping that three, four, five years from now we’ll look back and see a very different map of canada’s north,” brindle added.
it is hard to find the shape of the minimal surface bounded by some arbitrary shaped frame using just mathematics .
she was eating a snack.
loons are the size of a large duck or a small goose .
but proceedings could be cut short if netanyahu seeks a plea deal.
these are the best known , most widely used real-time operating systems .
performance improvements are sometimes delivered via wide area file services or wan optimization .
on the other hand, perhaps the jury of public sentiment will be swayed by camille cosby's retort today that media coverage of her husband is comparable to the rolling stone uva alleged gang rape article.
banks and the sterling rose as money markets pushed bets on negative uk interest rates out to february 2022 after bank of england said britain’s banks would need at least six months to prepare for sub-zero rates.
nine - banded armadillos are mostly insectivores .
the main industry is tourism and the parish is a major tourism destination .
i can reach four, i think.
butter cakes are often made by beating the butter and sugar until fluffy .
pullman writes in his article: “the ease and swiftness with which music can be acquired in the form of mp3 downloads is still astonishing to those of us who have been building up our itunes list for some time.” one thing to emerge from the downing street meeting was cameron’s appointment of the conservative mp mike weatherley to be his adviser on the subject.
some kids played with the toys.
it looked like a small , dog-sized saber - toothed cat .
large died of cancer in new york city on october 28 , 2017 at the age of 74 .
the fur coloring of the lar gibbon varies from black and dark - brown to light - brown , sandy colors .
he said don must come to the hospital.
a geologic section has to follow the rules to be adapted as a gssp by the ics .
jenna is scary when she gets mad .
differential cryptanalysis attacks are usually chosen plaintext attacks , meaning that the attacker must be able to obtain encrypted ciphertexts for some set of plaintexts of his choosing .
let's climb this tree.
a grenade explosion blew apiata off the bonnet of his vehicle , where he had been sleeping .
as a profession , medical illustration has a more recent history .
i'm here but can't find a place to park.
the missile defense plan offers a role for all of our allies in response to the threats of our times, the president said.
turkey sandwich was her favorite .
what are you doing?
look at all the rides.
he died in 2005 at the age of 87 in new york city , after suffering from cancer .
tomorrow is saturday.
what a gorgeous sunset !
the next few decades were of rapid growth and expansion in the territories controlled by the british .
british american tobacco claimed the larger health warnings demanded by meps went “well beyond” what was needed to inform consumers of health risks from smoking, while a ban on mentholated cigarettes would increase demand for black-market goods.
the typical adult spends eight hours and 41 minutes each day communicating or consuming media, including old-fashioned books and newspapers, and just eight hours and 21 minutes asleep.
white mustard seeds are hard and round , usually around 1 to 1.5 millimetres , with a color forming from beige or yellow to light brown .
at the base of the bacterial flagellum , where it enters the cell membrane , a motor protein acts as a rotary engine .
their breath is like steam from a teapot.
none resulted in fatalities or injuries to the responders.
in sabaa bahrat square, in what was supposed to be the safest part of damascus, a car bomb detonated, leaving a blackened concrete facade, broken windows and mangled metal as well as blast damage to the imposing structure of the syrian central bank next door.
as the price of scrap metal has increased plaques have been the target of metal thieves wishing to resell the metal for cash .
it has been a real confusion on who won the war .
the russians have asserted, quite accurately, that the revolution that overthrew a pro-russian, democratically elected leader has resulted in the elevation of russophobe fascists into key government positions.
the book is really good.
her younger sister laughed at the story.
the cameraman was charged with murder .
she was sad.
who has to think about a free car?"
several gene families are involved in hyperaccumulation including absorbing and storing heavy metals .
it is relentlessly under attack from conservatives who have made numerous attempts to repeal or otherwise sink it, and is the focus of numerous legal challenges.
this water then fills the city’s foundations and bubbles up through drains and pipes, forcing sewage upwards and polluting its fresh water.
he gave the plate back to brian.
it was followed by yahoo in 2008; google, facebook and paltalk in 2009; youtube in 2010; skype and aol in 2011; and finally apple, which joined the program in 2012.
ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey .
tube feet are used to move , feed and respiration .
an example of this would be an assassin killing for money .
most tin whistles are in d , because they are often used in music with fiddles .
(b) mental events of the second kind are occurrent propositional attitudes, e.g., (occurrent) beliefs and desires.
the dog must have been excited because he ran fast .
her mom told her not to worry.
the earliest playwright in western literature with surviving works are the ancient greeks .
rounding is often done on purpose to obtain a value that is easier to write and handle than the original .
they only specify contributions one by one, and leave us to work out how these add up.
but spain has not broken diplomatic relations with libya, said a foreign ministry spokeswoman, who by custom is not identified.
he placed the plate on the dining room table.
in 1824, the geographical society of paris even offered a reward for the first european to accomplish the feat.
boats ply under a bridge near the financial district of singapore.
high risks and uncertainties related with agricultural production has been ascribed to the decline in production of cocoa (aderinola and abdulkadri, 2007).
she asked him if that was okay.
when victims had alcohol in their blood, the police then checked to find if they had criminal records.
the line was abandoned in 1980 .
is fish healthier than fruit ?
it was raining.
a backhand chop or knife edge chop is when a wrestler uses a backhand wing and slaps the chest of their opponent with the palm of their hand .
which one is the managing director ?
sucre was killed on june 4 , 1830 .
those women are russian gymnasts .
"but don't you have any ambition?"
the statue is one of the most popular tourist destinations in germany with over 130,000 visitors a year .
was there something wrong with the food ?
the mayor didn't stop.
the stars in the core of omega centauri are so crowded that they are estimated to average only 0.1 light years away from each other .
unaipon became well -known as an inventor , and a recognized authority on ballistics .
after several months of consideration , a corporate foundation was established in september 2011 .
from: arina marat, hr assistant to: jane claret subject: your appointment on 14 march dear ms claret, thank you for your email.
he died in paris .
in this article, we will first examine hume’s own argument, provide a reconstruction of it, and then survey different responses to the problem which it poses.
it was built between 2003 and 2006 out of formerly barren lands .
some clinics function as a place for people with injuries or illnesses to come and be seen by a triage nurse or other health worker .
tsangarides died of heart failure complicated from pneumonia on 6 january 2018 , aged 61 .
treacher died in april 2018 at the age of 93 .
unaipon was a recognized authority on ballistics .
this dial was for the size of the load.
sit on that chair, dear.
mike set his alarm.
i will do it as soon as i return .
may i see your student id?
as conventionally employed by scholars, the term refers to a group of thinkers who emerged during the period of the italian renaissance, especially in florence, and who were committed to public engagement (in theory as well as practice) and whose values were fundamentally antithetical to the medieval past.
my bike has a flat tire .
as of 2008 , the city has an estimated population of 197,437 and the density of 1,010 people per km2 .
beech grows on a wide range of soil types , acid or basic , provided they are not wet for long periods .
on 26 september 1904 , he died of heart failure at the age of 54 years .
note : tie games were not counted in the standings until 1972 .
he 's very good at taking care of children .
according to gant, “the period of roger moore’s last ones, going into dalton, didn’t really excite audiences.
people text during board meetings, shop and text during class, and even text during funerals, she said.
he had called his landlord.
the news was on.
the fundamental plane is the plane of the earth 's orbit , also called the ecliptic plane .
up to four people can play in multiplayer mode , which has specific rules predetermined by the players .
most competitive teams keep two sets of uniforms , with one emphasizing the primary color and the other emphasizing the secondary color .
a number of philosophers have attempted solutions to the problem, but a significant number have embraced his conclusion that it is insoluble.
the flier described a class.
i feel for the victims and their families and pray for them, the dalai lama said in his written statement friday.
with many of the stocks involved in the so-called “reddit rally” slumping this week, hedge funds with bearish positions on gamestop made $3.6 billion in profits compared with losses of $12.5 billion in january, financial analytics firm ortex said on friday.
metamorphic minerals are those that form only at the high temperatures and pressures of metamorphism .
there were many clowns at the circus.
machiavelli observes that one can say this in general of men: they are ungrateful, disloyal, insincere and deceitful, timid of danger and avid of profit….
library card application first name mike last name esposa-hernandez date of birth 08/11/1991 address 4 charles road, gloucester postcode gl1 3ze phone 07796 345678 email m.esposa@example.com i declare the information provided is correct.
care being so basic to our survival and flourishing provides a presumptive reason to assume there are duties to ensure that everyone receives sufficient care.
additionally , louvers are used as semi-passive means of thermal control on spacecraft .
iodic acid is used as a strong acid in analytical chemistry .
microsoft has lost a lot of customers .
it is possible for the frenulum to tear during sexual activities .
is that your bike ?
put your wet clothes into the dryer, please !
geneticists can also use pedigree charts to predict how traits will be passed to future children in a family .
if we were all alike , life would be boring .
the line joins central singapore to the north-eastern part of the island .
the region was known from ancient times for its exceptionally hot springs .
magic is common in the game .
the idea behind all property law is property .
he gave her a cheap card from the 99 cents store for her birthday.
a woman whose pastime is dance might have trouble earning a living unless she is very skilled .
do n't be afraid of the thunder .
the supergalactic coordinate system corresponds to a fundamental plane that contains a higher than average number of local galaxies in the sky as seen from earth .
i'm so proud of you.
i left it at home.
he looked at his white plate.
call and response is common in folk and choral singing of many people , especially in african musical cultures .
i forgot to bring my umbrella .
grebes make their nest from plants found in the water .
from other cases of suspect teaching we know that the task of the theologians was to examine certain works and draw up a list of errors.
hydrobromic acid has commonly been prepared industrially by reacting bromine with either sulfur or phosphorus and water .
this was true for figures such as bradley and royce and their predecessors and contemporaries such as thomas hill green and bernard bosanquet.
games can be played on indoor or outdoor fields of varying sizes .
there were 14 surviving kittens in 2008 and 15 in 2009 .
more recently, philip quinn likewise treats both god’s creating and god’s conserving as species of bringing about a thing’s existence.
deep learning has similarly accelerated progress in rl, with the use of deep learning algorithms within rl defining the field of “deep reinforcement learning” (drl).
the company's immediate response focused on a paucity of candidates.
a verb is transitive if and only if it usually occurs with a direct object, and in such occurrences it is said to occur transitively.
differential calculus is the process of finding out the rate of change of a variable compared to another variable .
but when in power in the 1990s they brutally persecuted afghanistan's hazara community.
3 ... bf5 is most often played .
during the following years , a large number of important public and private buildings were erected .
the animals began to run .
some consultants are employed indirectly by the client via a consultancy staffing company , a company that provides consultants on an agency basis .
he asked, "why is the plane late?
castration is commonly performed on domestic animals not intended for breeding .
he was a man whose family had given him up for dead .
walls that use large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling .
the game ends when a player plays every tile in his or her rack , and there are no remaining tiles to draw .
there were two phases to the operation .
i have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
the river is known for its water mills ; during the 1950s , there were about 18 of them .
there are quite a few types of specialty doctors in america (besides md, which simply means "medical doctor"), all of whom can be referred to simply as "doctor (name)."
apart from successful soundtracks , he has also received acclaim for his background scores and is considered one of the finest background -score composers in india .
this article, however, focuses on the ethics and politics of plato’s republic.
it's great to see a kid excited about reading.
the color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from shades of tan to dark brown .
it is therefore used for naming specific methods of calculation and related theories, such as propositional calculus, ricci calculus, calculus of variations, lambda calculus, and process calculus.
over the years she has worked in various styles including jazz and art song .
despite attempts at reconstruction , approximately 50 % of the papyrus remains missing .
got a good job ?
self driving cars [12], [180], surveillance [13], maleware detection [34], [107], drones and robotics [155], [178], and voice command recognition [7].
what could he do?
all places and objects listed on the register are entitled to a blue sign .
the main rooftop mast supports two fm master antennas , and a top-mounted television antenna previously used by wbpx .
this he calls the reciprocity thesis.
provisional results are the ballot counts for individual walk - in voting centers .
currently , the philippines is divided into 17 regions .
singapore has many art deco buildings from the 1920s and 1930s .
last week’s claims data has no bearing on friday’s closely watched employment report for january, as it falls outside the survey period, which was in the middle of the month.
some clays are thixotropic , with their behavior of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering .
these birds feed on insects , including those stirred up by cattle .
but she also deployed her notorious “handbaggings”, or verbal attacks, in the european union to obtain a british rebate – “my money” as she called it.
the west needs to be careful with its words.
they engineered brain cells in the mouse hippocampus, a part of the brain known to be involved in forming memories, to express the gene for a protein called channelrhodopsin.
give me a minute .
after the war , his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation .
team variations of battle royals consist of designated tag teams of wrestlers , usually two to a team .
shall we take jessica to the hospital ?
chopsticks are used in many parts of the world .
vadnais died of cancer on august 31 , 2014 , at the age of 68 .
an original way of distinguishing between ontology and metaphysics underlies the third stage of theoretical development.
measures to prevent opportunistic infections are effective in many people with hiv / aids .
he colored the drawings with his crayons.
there are several alternatives to measuring the size of an angle by the angle of rotation .
despite the fact that danger in the agricultural sector is inevitable, it can be managed.
second, the relevant object can take a variety of forms.
none of my wireless devices are connecting to the wi-fi.
the supermarket is half an hour by car and you can take a train from the village into the city.
he held up one robot, designed by his students daniel mellinger and alex kushleyev, which weighs a little more than a tenth of a pound and is about 8 inches in diameter.
ana awakens three days later in the hospital with christian at her side .
the first movement is written in sonata form .
i can share it and i am doing so.” kcho’s real name is alexis leiva machado.
when the buy now, pay later (bnpl) provider tried to withdraw a payment from garrett’s bank account a few months later, she didn’t have enough funds to cover it.
i wish i could find my other sock .
from prehistoric times there are examples of graves covered with a stone slab , in its natural state or carved .
one would be mistaken to think of the presidency, under turkey's existing parliamentary system, as a ceremonial post that would deprive its occupant of the executive powers of a prime minister.
to be sure, indulging in abundance is a cornerstone of the holiday, as doing so could only be possible if one possesses abundance.
the data from measurements of variations at points on the process map is monitored using control charts .
optimists who believe that, in the long run, good will prevail are often called “idealists”.
now i am being called by softbank , too !
first, when asserting claims based on alleged childhood sexual abuse, a plaintiff over the age of 26 has to file certificates of merit, documents executed by a licensed mental health practitioner attesting that the allegations have merit.
i knew bees could sting and i had to be careful around them .
he learned when to start dancing .
the main difficulty of water wheels was their inseparability from water .
a bomb was hidden in an ambulance and detonated at a second police checkpoint , according to officials .
do not listen to your older sister because she is not always right .
there is a high probability of precipitation .
louis looked at all the pictures on all the pages.
or one might instead hold that the ultimate moral principles that fix what is right and wrong are well suited to be practical decision making guides.
hawking radiation reduces the mass and the energy of the black hole and is therefore also known as black hole evaporation .
he later distanced himself from the bill after it ran into resistance from house republicans, and now says he favors a piecemeal approach, starting with securing the border.
in many parts of the world, wild- animal food sources are a critical part of the diet, particularly for the poor.
this system has been considered a tropical , subtropical , or extratropical cyclone .
horse races take place in on thursdays .
llullaillaco is a stratovolcano which rises 2200 m above the surrounding terrain .
in one, a suspect is invited to a fake fashion shoot and told he's going to become a supermodel, according to fox reality's web site.
the movie is hitchcock 's .
as the 19th century moved on , the city began to grow .
parentheses show how many students enter in a year .
military personnel wear khaki uniforms in the desert .
their shoes were much bigger than her dad's shoes.
given these results, we consider the spatial distribution of the population of subhaloes identified in high-resolution cosmological simulations.
the initial aim is to use the new method to complement the traditional autopsy.
he stopped walking on the sidewalk.
supernatural (referring in this case to non-natural creatures that're typically based in fiction) figures, including vampires, ghosts, werewolves, zombies, and more, generally account for most of these decorations.
note in the graphic the strong 100,000 year periodicity of the cycles , and the striking asymmetry of the curves .
although i 'm turning twenty today , i still feel like a child .
when the faa was first enacted, defenders of the statute argued that a significant check on abuse would be the nsa’s inability to obtain electronic communications without the consent of the telecom and internet companies that control the data.
he didn't have to listen to her.
this could lead to as many as 52,000 aids-related deaths and could leave more than 100,000 children orphaned.
daughters of teen parents are more likely to become teen mothers themselves, while sons are more likely to go to prison, it said in a statement.
the bathroom wall had a nail in it.
hydrogen cyanide is a poisonous gas that interferes with cellular respiration .
i must go and protect my people, and that's what's gotten everybody so nervous.
a closer look at the plan shows the new town bears little relation to the original kiruna at all.
the atmosphere is a chaotic system .
a: it's time to decorate our christmas tree.
he looked at the jacket in the mirror.
though often used interchangeably , these words have different meanings .
my phone is dead ; may i use yours ?
the game received mixed reviews by critics and gamers alike .
i 'm glad my roommate enjoyed her birthday party last night but it was a very noisy one .
helper monkeys are usually raised in a human home as infants .
i love petting our neighbor 's cat .
(berkeley himself did not use the term “idealism”.)
the color irresistible is displayed at right .
roy did n't like his girlfriend 's meals .
a knee strike is where a wrestler strikes their opponent using their knees .
away from their phones, 12- to 15-year-olds have a very different relationship with other media, too.
﻿bogus allergy tests are convincing thousands of people to take unnecessary treatments and put themselves or their children on inadequate diets, sometimes resulting in malnutrition, a group of experts and charities has said.
a team gets 3 points for a win .
i would be happy if they were here .
can i come with you?
john locke holds that everyone at all times and places has equal natural moral rights that all of us ought always to respect (locke 1690).
i do n't know where i put my house keys last night .
she will buy a pair of shoes at the mall.
these seats are ours .
pullman, writer of the his dark materials trilogy, says authors and musicians work in poverty and obscurity for years to bring their work to the level “that gives delight to their audiences and, as soon as they achieve that, the possibility of making a living from it is taken away from them”.
both men face possible life bans when their case is heard by the fifa ethics committee in december if they are found guilty of the charges.
what do they have there?
i think he wants me to pitch.
the organization became a political party in january 2006 , running in that year 's elections .
one lady stopped.
in males , masturbation flushes out old sperm with low motility from the male 's genital tract .
the clowns had loud horns.
“we are certainly looking at a record opening for december and it should go on to make at least a billion dollars worldwide.
psyche is massive enough that its gravitational perturbations on other asteroids can be observed , which enables a mass measurement .
she cooks the best food!
baby pigs are called piglets .
seaweed is under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol .
polymorphism is common in nature .
monk parakeets are highly intelligent , social birds .
teixeira, the former son-in-law of the longstanding fifa president joão havelange, was charged alongside del nero and his predecessor, josé maria marin, who was charged in may.
in 2014, uk adults ate an average of 157g of fruit per day, equivalent to almost two portions of the five-a-day recommendation from the government.
in the united states , campaigns have made people believe that wildfires are always bad for nature .
he went to wal-mart.
the experiment began late july 2009 .
maria van der hoeven, executive director of the iea, said: “coal’s share of the global energy mix continues to grow each year and, if no changes are made to current policies, coal will catch oil within a decade.” coal is abundant and found in most regions of the world, unlike conventional oil and gas, and can be cheaply extracted.
"who is it?"
each leg contains a thigh (a thick, especially muscular body part used to perform strenuous motions; the upper part of the leg) and a calf (thinner, more flexible body part that absorbs the shock associated with movement; the lower part of the leg).
we can not dictate how people live their lives, and sometimes even the best plans do n't work out, but we must encourage responsibility and send the right message, especially to young people.
key words: nanodentistry, ozone therapy, tissue engineering.
the silky pocket mice are small animals with soft pelage , long tails , and small feet compared to other heteromyids .
footage showed frightened japanese supporters rushing from the area holding their children, as the sound of shots – perhaps rubber bullets or tear gas – was heard.
all of the four double bedrooms are en suite with luxury shower and bath.
i had a chance to see the emperor at sumo .
following widespread news coverage of the costs of new and refurbished stadiums, the confederations cup football tournament has been one of the focuses of the protests.
he loves his red bicycle.
over the past 10 years, deutsche has lost a total 8.2 billion euros ($9.8 billion) and the return to profit marks an important milestone for chief executive christian sewing as analysts had been predicting another loss in 2020.
the meaning of natural kind terms does not give the essence of the kind directly in the way it does with “bachelor” and “vixen”.
monkeys are sometimes used for scientific studies .
this version of the cosmological argument entered the medieval christian tradition through bonaventure (1221–74) in his sentences (ii sent.
a large synchrotron laboratory will have many beamlines , each optimized for a particular field of research .
centrioles however , are not required for the progression of mitosis .
the airport opened on june 16 , 1941 .
curse tablets are typically very thin sheets of lead with the text scratched on in tiny letters .
“there will be just enough water if the proportion of animal-based foods is limited to 5% of total calories and considerable regional water deficits can be met by a reliable system of food trade.” dire warnings of water scarcity limiting food production come as oxfam and the un prepare for a possible second global food crisis in five years.
she was famous.
the oldest khachkars in the cemetery go back to the late 10th century .
green lit by european commission vice president, frans timmermans, the tests are designed to enforce a limit of 80mg of nitrogen oxide per kilometre, a level met by only one car out of 16, according to researchers.
“but it is cheap and it is easy to get, and it is what everyone is doing.” this drug crisis has put athens’s health authorities, already overwhelmed by draconian cuts, under further strain.
﻿the duke and duchess of cambridge won the first round in their battle for privacy on tuesday when a french magazine was banned from selling or reusing images taken of the couple at a private chateau in provence.
magnetic fields play a minor role except when the magnetic flux reaches ≳1044 erg s−1 in a kinetic jet model, which causes the jet cocoon to significantly widen, and the quenching to become explosive.
what was happening at night?
handbooks may deal with any topic , and are generally compendiums of information in a particular field or about a particular technique .
we’ve only scraped the surface of what the national food survey can tell us and, from local food maps and school projects to predicting new food trends, i look forward to seeing how this data can be used to learn more about our past and grow our world-leading food and farming industry in the future.”
the windows were locked .
with an area of 1648000 km2 , iran ranks seventeenth in size among the countries of the world .
which course would you like, and which start date?
cocoa production ought to be given more consideration to enlarge ghana's income and in addition to assist with settling the food security challenges in parts of the nation.
points and goals will carry over in full from the regular season .
but she missed her daughter.
all four games in the series received positive reviews from critics .
there is a guest house on the hill behind the main house .
my father was a soldier in the vietnam war .
the legal status of prostitution varies from country to country .
sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world .
there must be something wrong with this country,” said nadia al husin, holding up a banner calling on the government to do more for education.
where do i go?
the western interior seaway was a shallow sea , filled with abundant marine life .
a yearlong investigation conducted by the united nations found that north korea is a country whose depth of brutality does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.
the rookie is good but needs more practice .
with the internet now being a viable source for music , net labels emerge .
it is synthesized by partial chlorination of elemental sulfur .
from these, they pieced together some extraordinary vignettes from people’s lives.
kumquats are much hardier than citrus plants such as oranges .
the state agency operates with an annual appropriation of approximately six million dollars and approximately 100 employees .
my daddy has gone to heaven .
i would like you to do it before dinner .
most present- day coral reefs were formed after the last ice age when melting ice caused the sea level to rise and flood the continental shelves .
she just placed a single case on hold.
the crab smelled of the ocean .
the proposition that the death penalty was not always cruel and unusual punishment was just the beginning of the discussion .
it looked like a new shoe.
the money has been missing since he quit .
the a $ 32 million first phase of a major upgrade began in 2010 and is expected to be completed during 2015 .
i can't wait.
the story brought us hope .
combined analyses of water gas and ice show that up to 50% of the oxygen budget may be missing.
another global link was evident in the handful of demonstrators who wore guy fawkes masks, associated with anonymous and the occupy wall street protests.
the witches are sitting round a cauldron in a dark cave .
brown recluse spiders are usually between 6 and , but may grow larger .
he 's from the scottish highlands .
the relation between capitalists and workers can involve cooperation, but also relations of conflict (e.g., regarding wages and working conditions).
he told her the news in his life.
the new house , which uses the original frontage , seats 1,750 and is elliptical in shape with a large orchestra level and 37 boxes .
oats are best grown in temperate regions .
the film received positive reviews from critics .
he puts jamaican jerk on his meat .
you can get the flu shot immediately.
in the years 1219 and / or 1234 it appears as church village .
it wasn't raining.
she never got a flu shot again.
are you serious?
females wear a tartan kilt with a velvet jacket , worn with a lace insert , or a sleeveless velvet vest worn over a white blouse .
despite their extreme luminosity , many of these stars are nevertheless too distant to be observed with the naked eye .
it's all part of the riddle that keeps the world guessing, off-balance and nervous.
supreme court justice sonia sotomayor was thrust into the national spotlight on two hot-button issues this week.
can i have a cat?
many of the physical properties of alkenes and alkanes are similar : they are colorless , nonpolar , and combustable .
renewable energy projects in many developing countries contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment .
after the negotiations to end apartheid in south africa commenced in 1990 , the nation re-joined the olympic movement .
the plant grows in wet , shady places .
typical plants and animals have two sets of chromosomes , one set inherited from each parent .
the station has been built in a modern airport style .
what is that?
treasury secretary janet yellen told abc’s good morning america that the massive stimulus plan was needed to overcome the economic pain caused by the covid-19 pandemic.
it was not immediately clear who was responsible for the shooting.
i fight for my country .
the dolmen dates from around 3500 bc , and has traditionally been identified as a communal burial .
congenital syphilis in the newborn can be prevented by screening mothers during early pregnancy and treating those who are infected .
a new ergate spends the first few days of its adult life caring for the queen and young .
she asked everyone for a job.
a separate report from the international water management institute (iwmi) said the best way for countries to protect millions of farmers from food insecurity in sub-saharan africa and south asia was to help them invest in small pumps and simple technology, rather than to develop expensive, large-scale irrigation projects.
prizes are also given to publicize noteworthy or exemplary behavior , and to provide incentives for improved outcomes and competitive efforts .
in such circumstances, other things being equal, the death would not be for the good of the person.
the card must say, "i love you, mom."
sure, we can, linda.
what's your classroom number?
listed from north to south .
during the switchover of operations, miscommunication between the tracon and the dca tower led to a loss of the required separation between two regional jets departing from runway 1 and a regional jet inbound for runway 19, the federal aviation administration said.
“in the beginning, when there started to be explosions, i used to have nightmares,” she reflected.
the november 1943 shooting was part of a larger nazi operation called aktion erntefest, or operation harvest festival, that led to the deaths of 42,000 jews at three camps in eastern poland in two days, the justice department said.
in 1979 the government gave money to protect the site as a tourist area , because of its historical importance .
birds excrete their nitrogenous wastes as uric acid in the form of a paste .
while the idea was readily accepted by many in the environmentalist community , it has not been widely accepted by other scientists .
bolivia had argued that the convention was in opposition to its new constitution, adopted in 2009, which obliges it to “protect native and ancestral coca as cultural patrimony” and maintains that coca “in its natural state … is not a narcotic”.
maybe at 5.15?
the small commune formed only industrial and is residential today , the magnificent buildings mixed with modern buildings .
taliban militants, who implemented islamic law in pakistan's violence-plagued swat valley last week, have now taken control of a neighboring district.
a simple cantilever span is formed by two cantilever arms extending from opposite sides of the obstacle to be crossed , meeting at the center .
atms may be found in stores and shopping malls .
if i had been awake , i would have heard the phone ring .
about 17.836 million people were on unemployment benefits on all programs in mid-january, down from 18.322 million in the first week of 2021.
potentially , a white dwarf can generate multiple novae over time as additional hydrogen continues to accrete onto its surface from its companion star .
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 485 to 487 .
these can then be uploaded to a computer that mimics the one the software ran on.
hannah might be transferring to another school next semester .
his early work was on the conductivity of electrolytes .
water wheels have been used for hundreds of years for industrial power .
the pieces of chicken were white.
pyongyang has created its own version of the world for domestic consumption.
so, even though the set of natural numbers and the set of real numbers are both infinite, there are more real numbers than there are natural numbers, which opened the door to the investigation of the different sizes of infinity.
tomorrow we will wish we had not drunk so much .
a wrestler simply hits the opponent with a chair .
magnesium is the eleventh most abundant element by mass in the human body and is essential to all cells and some 300 enzymes .
her mom had many friends.
a person with astraphobia will often feel anxious during a thunderstorm even when they understand that the threat to them is minimal .
they want to shrink the size of government and reduce taxes while reforming entitlements by partial privatization, reducing and delaying some benefits and other steps.
it’s my second year in college now.
oysters are picked up from their muddy beds by dredging .
thus, an idealist is someone who is not a realist, not a materialist, not a dogmatist, not an empiricist, and so on.
it had pictures of chickens and rabbits.
joe had borrowed $100 a month ago.
mummies of humans and other animals have been found on every continent , but as a result of natural preservation through unusual conditions , and as cultural artifacts .
socialism is best defined in contrast with capitalism, as socialism has arisen both as a critical challenge to capitalism, and as a proposal for overcoming and replacing it.
over 6500 different tangram problems have been created from 19th century texts .
flora and fauna are relatively scarce due to the harsh climate .
this research contributed greatly to understanding the lateralization of brain function .
in 1870 the river flooded .
why is the printer line so long?
don't be, dear.
following people were members .
friday's incident in detroit comes a day after federal authorities acknowledged that three u.s. airways-operated jets at reagan national airport came closer than they should have because of an air traffic control miscommunication.
they have more often praised his towering literary achievements and standing as a political moralist while pointing out his dubious claims and problematic arguments (see sherman 2008).
he is the vice president of the pta .
he was late.
sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin , acne , and keratosis pilaris .
scratch and sniff is created through the process of micro-encapsulation .
i can't let you go.
linspire has drawn some criticism from the free software community .
the standard shape for pyrohy is oblong with tapering ends , but rectangular or circular pyrohy are also common .
copper is the most widely used conductor in many kinds of electrical wiring .
gas chromatography is regularly used to describe what is inside a complex sample .
his dad said, "pass me your plate, brian."
what motivates such triple domination is an irrational fear of the unknown: “humans believe themselves free of fear when there is no longer anything unknown.
in less than a week, turkey will hold its first direct presidential election, yet the mood about the country can hardly be described as electric.
tests tubes are often preferred above beakers when multiple small chemical or biological samples have to be handled and / or stored .
jane comes in to work at 3 p.m. today.
the band initially planned to record their debut album in the space of two weeks .
my hand is up.
prosecutors said gifts included champagne and cigars and that netanyahu helped milchan with his business interests.
instruments for measuring voltages include the voltmeter , the potentiometer , and the oscilloscope .
aren't those scary.
the line moved slowly.
is it safe?
they learned how to think.
fire is a growing threat to urban settlements in america – in fact, forest fires cause the most damage after severe storms, with 800 major fire disasters having been declared there between 1953 and 2014.
now slide down.
i wonder what they have in common .
the magazine is published monthly , and additional map supplements are also included with subscriptions .
muons are unstable elementary particles and are heavier than electrons and neutrinos but lighter than all other particles .
there are two versions that are often performed : a long one and a short one .
top two teams in each group advanced to the semi-finals
now , laser engraving machines are being made and even today the mechanical cutting has proven its strength in economical terms and quality .
after the war , the buildings were used as an immigration and migration hostel .
she put makeup on every day .
one of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the tooth fairy .
dufresne died on 14 june 2014 in new york city at the age of 78 , from cancer .
tom told jess his phone number before he left .
they lay their eggs in cavities in moist soil , where they hatch into larvae that seek out streams or underground seepages , before metamorphosing into adults .
between 64 and 104 major aftershocks , ranging in magnitude from 4.0 to 6.1 , were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake .
bangladesh is used as a transit route for narcotics produced in neighboring countries .
i am looking for someone who can drive me to the airport .
what might be the targets of ontological arguments, and what might be the changes that advocates of these arguments aim to bring about in those targets?
it was a four-door cadillac.
the movie received mostly positive reviews from critics , and performances from the cast were praised .
in europe , basil is placed in the hands of the dead to ensure a safe journey .
komodo dragons are carnivores .
the country 's provinces are further divided into 337 municipalities which are administered by an alcalde and municipal council .
the individuated elements realize themselves in relations, forming patters that burst into life, grow, vanish, and revive.
oh, that child is incorrigible!
she has six months to live.
however, she argues that it may be justifiable not to prolong the life of someone who wants to live, giving the example of a dying soldier whose life could be prolonged with a certain drug, but who would thereby face death by starvation.
certain people travel to other countries to have sex with children , which is forbidden where they live .
she ate like a wolf.
a clapstick is a type of musical instrument that is in the category of percussion .
he got a can of polish.
most of the finer sort of medieval manuscripts , whether illuminated or not , were written on vellum .
the two main opposition parties -- the secular republican chp and the nationalist mhp -- have formed an informal coalition for the sole purpose of posing a numerical challenge to the akp's relative majority, with anti-erdoganism being their chief unifying cause.
his new car has four doors.
on 10 may 1940 , german troops started to attack the netherlands .
she wanted to leave him.
although most vertical - lift bridges use towers , each equipped with counterweights , some use hydraulic jacks located below the deck .
debby was in the first grade.
the total cost of a cochlear implant in the united states was about $ 100,000 in 2017 .
looks like they're late.
this area has hot , humid summers and cool winters .
deshpande died on 4 june 2016 from a long-illness in mumbai at the age of 78 or 79 .
even though there were such criticisms , the novel was still very popular .
why do you always wear sneakers ?
most spiders have four pairs of eyes on the top-front area of the body , arranged in patterns that vary from one family to another .
points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers .
potassium iodate is sometimes used for iodination of table salt to prevent iodine deficiency .
the lion roared loudly .
i became interested in japan .
minerals are not equivalent to rocks .
but if he took the dog for a walk, he would miss his favorite tv show.
canada provided a $ 5 million thermal plasma analyzer .
sorry for what?
carl decided to buy a new belt .
does warm water make them fade?
to be sure, the new announcement made it clear that nasa will be carefully examining the safety aspects of each design.
younger people are moving away from live television and moving to streaming and catch- up services.
the snow is good to have during christmas .
after enamel and dentin are destroyed and cavity reaches the dental pulp and nerves of the tooth , the tooth becomes sensitive since the nerves are exposed .
her mom was 50 years old.
as the enamel and dentin are destroyed , the cavity becomes more noticeable .
there is a low chance of precipitation tomorrow .
nick was 81.
people with hepatitis should avoid taking drugs metabolized by the liver .
the triceps can be worked through either isolation or compound elbow extension movements and can contract statically to keep the arm straightened against resistance .
can you speak thai ?
hey, maybe they will be classmates.
individually, they described explosive growth last year as their services became more prevalent.
in organic synthesis , an important dyotropic reaction is the conversion of 4 - substituted - gamma-lactones to butyrolactones .
canada is a developed country and has the tenth highest nominal per capita income globally as well as the tenth highest ranking in the human development index .
despite this recognition of interpretive challenges, for many of anderson’s followers ryle at that time radically misunderstood anderson’s work (ryle 1950), reading it from the perspective of the “linguistic turn”.
after world war ii many of the poorer germans had to go and live in germany .
they are also used as tree for pollinating food apple trees in apple orchards .
however, drl does not stop there, as rl is a general way of approaching optimisation problems by trial and error.
mortar bombs, fired from rebel-held areas now within easy range of the city, have become an ominous novelty.
the complex would be 800 metres from the coast, comfortably beyond the minimum of 200 metres stipulated by a law designed to prevent more ugly developments like those that blighted much of spain’s coastline when mass tourism first descended on its shores in the 1960s and 1970s.
come to the library on saturday."
the city is situated in a lake region of forests and plains .
it will not be possible to get to zero unless development policies prioritize those living in chronic poverty, it adds.
consequences are severe; during the taliban struggle to impose sharia law, anyone found disobeying was pinned to the ground and lashed.
have you ever been married ?
i am doing quite well, how are you?
you can borrow ours , but please just be careful with it .
they pick up trash.
the temperature dropped as low as minus 20 .
historically , latin or romance has been the official language .
her allies in the tabloid press egged her on.
“it will enable forensic scientists to plan their autopsies far more efficiently,” dominic wichmann, an internal medicine specialist at hamburg’s university hospital, told spiegel.
you can check out educational videos for free.
he didn't know if he wanted marriage, but he really wanted to have someone there for him.
i would be very surprised if he brought me flowers because he does n't care that i am angry .
shall we move the conference to another day since it seems like it will rain heavily this afternoon ?
research efforts to prevent and treat dengue include various means of vector control , vaccine development , and antiviral drugs .
i don't have that much money.
"i met a nice man."
there needs to be a thorough independent investigation to establish whether war crimes have been committed, and those responsible for such crimes should be brought to justice, pillay said in a statement.
have you seen it already ?
to isolate the impact of the smooth growth of the host halo from other relevant mechanisms, we study subhalo orbital evolution using numerical calculations in which subhaloes are modelled as massless particles orbiting in a time-varying spherical potential.
whose wife is that ?
it’s near the college campus.
the derivative, however, can take the squaring function as an input.
the band also participated at dansbandskampen 2009 , being one of the finalists .
paul said hello to brian.
we shall largely ignore this complication in what follows; for some discussion of causation by absence see schaffer 2000b, beebee 2004b, mcgrath 2005, livengood and machery 2007, dowe 2009.
spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals .
he brushed his teeth with toothpaste and water.
socrates is finally close to answering the question after he characterizes justice as a personal virtue at the end of book four, but he is interrupted and challenged to defend some of the more controversial features of the good city he has sketched.
future of dentistry has become one of the most unique resources and providers of this oral systemic approach.
a bird might fly away with his money.
many cities are fighting a losing battle against the ravages of nature but is it possible to identify the world’s most vulnerable metropolis?
the prisoners sleep in bunk beds.
in such a circumstance, we can permissibly give the drug to the five who are suffering from the milder form of the disease.
the iso 4217 standard includes a crude mechanism for expressing the relationship between a major currency unit and its corresponding minor currency unit .
as a simple example , consider the average daily high temperatures for two cities , one inland and one near the ocean .
yes, and he got me into a lot of games.
north korean officials have been pushing for the resumption of six-party talks including china and russia.
he said that the latest results were an important first step in understanding their neural basis.
although angel sharks are bottom dwellers and appear harmless , they can give painful bites if provoked , due to their powerful jaws and sharp teeth .
a small number of missing person cases are not solved for many years .
would you like something to drink?
eunomia appears to be an elongated but fairly regularly shaped body , with what appear to be four sides of differing curvature and noticeably different average compositions .
the street view project, he said, follows in the footsteps of the english explorer martin frobisher, who in 1576 sailed into the bay where iqaluit now sits while searching for the northwest passage, and the 1941 flight of captain elliott roosevelt, a reconnaissance officer and son of the us president, which led to the site being chosen for a military airbase.
i'm not kidding.
the silky sifaka has a social structure , and lives in groups of two to nine individuals .
i wish he was not in charge of the school .
bob savage, a medieval arms expert from the royal armouries who helped identify the wounds, said it was probably not a war weapon but the sort of sharp knife or dagger any workman might have carried.
he told people to stay home.
on 28 december , after eight days of fighting , the depleted german troops finally withdrew from the town .
they are also coordinating with each other to protect relief supply lines that cross their respective territories.
queen marie never managed to acquire any political influence .
she wanted the grey coat .
sit -skis are designed for wheelchair users or other skiers with a form of paraplegia .
she did not like earthquakes.
some of what happened to cause the disaster, and the police’s subsequent blame-shifting, has been exposed before.
logarithms have many applications inside and outside mathematics .
i have lunch after third period .
if his mother says, "brush your teeth," billy brushes his teeth.
at the end of the wash cycle , the machine starts a rinse cycle wherein the garment load is rinsed with fresh distilled solvent from the pure solvent tank .
we went outside to look for shooting stars .
on the trip , he bought a pair of lovely silk pajamas for his wife .
i know, mom.
much work lies ahead before these and other scientific advances can be parlayed into a broadly applicable cure that can be made available to the 35 million people living with hiv/aids worldwide.
he died on 6 october 1837 in paris .
what sexual behavior is considered promiscuous varies between cultures , as does the frequency of promiscuity .
we conclude that the criteria for a successful jet model are an optimal energy flux and a sufficiently wide jet cocoon with long enough cooling time at the cooling radius.
in ethiopia, teff is a national obsession.
she wanted may to marry.
they looked old and dirty.
flatbed trucks have an entirely flat , level platform body .
another serious problem for civilians and soldiers alike was a shortage of water .
some of the food waste produced by processing can be difficult to reduce without affecting the quality of the finished product .
some former subspecies are today recognized as species due to genetic reasons .
during december to march , the lake turns to a vibrant cobalt blue color , returning to a colder steel grey color for april to november .
new york city spends an estimated $4 billion each year on medical care for overweight people, the mayor said in an earlier statement.
during december to march , the lake turns to a vibrant cobalt blue color .
shall we start the conference now ?
this phrase is british in origin and derives from sports that use goalposts .
can i go then?
"look, grandma," he said, "i brought you a new wheelchair."
pitchblende contains a small amount of radium as a radioactive decay product of uranium .
daqing exports over 10 million tonnes of oil each year .
last year, an air traffic controller was suspended for failing to respond to two planes heading into national airport after he fell asleep on the midnight shift.
deomyines share no morphological characteristics that can be used to separate them from other muroids , though subtle aspects of the third upper molar have been suggested .
stratigraphic contour lines may be used to illustrate the surface of a selected stratum illustrating the subsurface topographic trends of the strata .
“we approve borrowers only for what they can comfortably afford to repay,” said silvija martincevic, affirm’s chief commercial officer.
gerardus't hooft is well known for his theories about gauge theory , black holes , and quantum gravity .
the new us school year starts in september .
derwentwater is very scenic .
can you please shut up?
interviews with men and women escorts show gender differences in these escorts ' experiences .
it would have no red spots.
twelve photographers from four continents have been shortlisted for the fourth prix pictet award in photography and sustainability.
if we are concerned with equality of dollar holdings, then people are equal when all hold exactly the same number of dollars.
black powder rocket motors are only made in small sizes .
it currently has articles , making it the 18th largest wikipedia by article count .
my owner loves me.
i'm a lazy, happy dog."
igneous rocks can be classified according to their chemistry .
she wore a hat to block the sun .
the red kangaroo is a very large kangaroo .
there have also been studies that focused on how sickness generally affect cocoa farmers; however, there is no study that focused on the economic effects of malaria on cocoa farmers.
someone who is assertive is neither passive nor aggressive .
the five subspecies of the short- beaked echidna are each found in different geographical locations .
after the fall of the berlin wall the population dropped from over 100,000 in 1989 down to roughly 75,000 in 2005 through emigration .
you call me back.
still other nebulae form as planetary nebulae .
"why are you a lazy dog?"
statutes of limitations are laws that set the maximum period during which one can wait before filing a lawsuit, and they vary depending on the state and type of case.
leaving paris shortly before world war i , he returned to his father 's house , but was denied support .
hutcheson holds that virtue and beauty are not qualities of the people and things to which they are attributed.
between 1948 and 1950 , she developed a theory : these mobile elements regulated genes by inhibiting or modulating their action .
like several other arctiidae moth larvae , the cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic .
she liked to smoke cigarettes.
australian envelopes and postcards often have four square boxes printed in orange at the bottom right for the postcode .
there was nobody in the movie theater but us .
during the early settlement of australia by europeans , the notion became commonly held that the bunyip was an unknown animal that awaited discovery .
currently , no specific treatment for chikungunya is available .
the 2016 census found that 51.3 % of residents spoke english , and 21.3 % spoke french , as their first language .
only a well-organized movement that takes its strength from local politics and stands for pluralism, decentralization and democratic rights and liberties of all citizens can break this vicious cycle of suppression and alienation.
amanda 's costume was almost identical to that of tasha's .
andrew gave his teacher an apple one day.
shall i help you with your homework ?
the girls were fighting for the right to attend school .
the two testable structural consequences of the cosmological principle are homogeneity and isotropy .
skiing is a winter sport .
the second semester begins in september .
"that was fun!
tickets went on sale to the public on november 3 , 2007 .
such a leak is extremely rare in the history of the nsa, which prides itself on maintaining a high level of secrecy.
some take effect new year's day.
sodium bicarbonate may be used to make spills of phosgene harmless .
someone called 911.
human rights watch documented two massacres of hazara in 2000 and 2001 by taliban forces.
we can get another proof of the pythagorean theorem by using similar triangles .
snapping turtles have a strong bite .
he had hundreds of books.
for now, it should be noted that the argument stated in the previous two paragraphs is not supposed to be an argument for dualism, but only for adopting epiphenomenalism, once dualism is accepted.
families just don’t want to buy tickets to see orcas going insane inside tiny tanks and seaworld’s profits, like the orcas, won’t recover until the abusement park empties its tanks and builds coastal sanctuaries.” seaworld’s shares, which were worth $39 in 2013, were changing hands for just under $18 in august 2015.
hepatitis c testing usually begins with blood tests that look for antibodies to the hepatitis c virus , using a technique called an enzyme immunoassay .
perhaps mathematicians implicitly know when something counts as a piece of mathematics and when it is a non-mathematical commentary on mathematics.
the problem is that even while public opinion has reached an all-time high on marriage equality, old laws discriminating against gay and lesbian americans have stayed on the books, hurting gay couples and their families.
where did you buy that beautiful pair of pajamas ?
as we mark the 25th observance of world aids day on december 1, we have a golden opportunity to begin to end the hiv/aids pandemic.
u.n high commissioner for human rights navi pillay called the allegations deeply shocking and called friday for an independent investigation into the incident, which appears to have taken place in khan al-assal in northern syria.
biogas engineer the job: setting up biogas plants in developing countries what it involves: linking a system of digesters – which can be ﬁlled with human excrement, animal dung and other waste products – to toilets to produce a biogas that can be used for cooking and lighting.
they say, 'oh, how pretty.'
commodus also had a passion for gladiatorial combat , which he took so far as to take to the arena himself , dressed as a secutor .
he said no.
human persons inevitably have respect for the moral law even though we are not always moved by it and even though we do not always comply with the moral standards that we nonetheless recognize as authoritative.
"your first lesson is saturday at noon.
let's see something funny.
tonic immobility has also been said to occur in humans that are subject to intense trauma , such as rape or sexual assault .
it’s difﬁcult to look professional while crawling on the ground chasing an eel across the grass.” worst part of the job: “eels are really tricky creatures to work with – and getting outsmarted by an eel can be quite embarrassing,” says mowat.
the trucks take the trash bags to a landfill.
he asked how much it was.
i think what president obama will do is explain to him where we are in the review of the keystone pipeline, and indicate that we 'll, of course, let our canadian friends know when we 've arrived at a decision, a senior administration official said.
the tower is situated at the southern side of the place , where the land walls of the city join the sea walls .
he was getting fat.
before the age of theoretical and computational chemistry , wet chemistry was the predominant form of scientific discovery in the chemical field .
she started counting sheep so she could sleep .
the document, prepared from recommendations made by a panel led by former u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright, sought to build upon nato's work in afghanistan to redefine the alliance as a global actor that would work with regional partners to combat threats outside europe.
his sister did not have a computer.
another , more classical , form of handrailing which is still in use is the tangent method .
mozes has been charged with offering a bribe, and denies wrongdoing.
corroboree frogs are the first vertebrates discovered that are able to produce their own poisonous alkaloids , as opposed to obtaining it via diet as many other frogs do .
international price fixing by private entities can be prosecuted under the antitrust laws of more than 100 countries .
but then what does?
here, foucault gives an account of the historical beginnings of modern reason as it comes to define itself against madness in the seventeenth century.
electropositivity is a measure of an element 's ability to donate electrons , and form positive ions .
when considering the future of transportation, it’s also important to keep in mind why people travel: they may be going to work, to meet friends or family, or to do the shopping.
she 's so quiet that we forget she 's here .
richard swinburne (1970) has suggested that a miracle might be defined as a non-repeatable counter-instance to a law of nature.
i can't wait to see what i got.
there were many rabbits at the petting zoo .
wecyclers enables low-income communities to make money on waste piling up in their streets.
nobody knows.” also joining the opposition to the planned resort is the andalusian college of geographers, which, in a preliminary study charted on its website, concluded that “free areas ”, including car parks if not actual buildings, will overlap part of the alcornocales national park.
she couldn't open the closet door.
casserly argues that there is much wrong with copyright, which was created “in an analogue age”.
spain still has an embassy in tripoli, although it evacuated its personnel from the city, like many other nations, as fighting between the regime of moammar gadhafi and rebels intensified in late march.
in 1977 , the federal government placed alligators on the endangered species list .
two nearly identical seven story parking ramps on east and west sides provide 12,550 parking spaces .
mike opened a bottle of liquid drain opener.
it's only offered once a year, so i have to take it now.
lichenometry is a technique used to determine the age of exposed rock surfaces based on the size of lichen thalli .
"what is a thyroid?"
she was n't sure how to respond to his angry email .
on 21 june – the new international day of yoga – narendra modi, india’s prime minister, hopes the world will join in.
there are a wide variety of different types of shoes .
the death came days after ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-russian militants in an operation to clear roadblocks near the city of slavyansk last week.
louis looked at the pictures on the first page.
dimensional lumber is lumber that is cut to standardized width and depth , specified in inches .
in many parts of the world, the land is also sinking – in venice’s case, subsoil compaction (a result of industrial exploitation of the surrounding area) lowered the city by 20cm between 1950 and 1970.
but the prism program renders that consent unnecessary, as it allows the agency to directly and unilaterally seize the communications off the companies’ servers.
i know, i'm sorry.
cold seeps occur over cracks in the seafloor caused by the movement of the earth 's crust .
they watched the sailboats.
turbine selection is based mostly on the available water head , and less so on the available flow rate .
she didn't like the gray hair.
one billion rising for justice was in february 2014 .
he recently lost his job as a car-park attendant due to ill health and had to take in his five grandchildren after the death of his daughters.
from 1975 a phenomenon is growing .
how much is your english textbook?
more detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the s. m. a. r. t. attributes .
the united nations mission in mali condemned the clashes and said they violated the preliminary accords designed to bring peace and security in the northern regions, including in kidal.
he likes sticking his nose in other people 's business and gossiping about it .
i'll be as quick as i can ok!
she added a little bit of purple color to susan's hair.
from the hypostyle hall , one enters the second pillared hall , which has four pillars decorated with beautiful scenes of offerings to the gods .
her coach watches her swim.
in other words, in this situation, who exactly are the nazis ?
another method of protection is the release of a sour liquid from the skin .
this is really going to affect their lives.
screw that, i paid for you last time.
usually men and boys sang gregorian chant in churches , and holy women and men sang gregorian chants in their daily prayers .
education also has the advantage of being a “portable” asset.
dbs for treatment resistant depression can be as effective as antidepressants , but side effects and complications need to be watched .
main industries in the province are mining , agriculture and fishing .
rock crawling is about slow-speed , careful and precise driving , and high torque generated through large gear reductions in the vehicles drivetrain .
cognitive dissonance theory proposes that people seek psychological consistency between their expectations of life and the existential reality of the world .
then, i get dressed.
huth's attorneys should have complied with these rules.
this then provides insight into how and where the bulk of the water is formed in space and how it is transported from clouds to disks, and ultimately comets and planets.
despite later attempts to recover it , it has not been reliably sighted since .
we found no direct effect of processing to trigger the use of improved ofsp planting materials unless formalization of the supply arrangements between processors and farmers is institutionalized.
nobody could believe it.
the inner ear is found in all vertebrates , with substantial variations in form and function .
on the weekend, we play football together.
that is the house where she works as a maid .
he bent over and picked it up.
the foundation of the abbey fulda and its territory originated with an imperial grant , and the sovereign principality therefore was subject only to the german emperor .
if you believe that schizophrenia is caused by bad communication between mother and child , then family interaction studies become relevant .
at least seven of the inspectors from the organization for security and co-operation in europe appeared at a news conference staged by vyacheslav ponomarev, the self-declared mayor of slavyansk, who referred to them as prisoners of war.
i guess i can take pictures of the pages then.
i like to read books.
chondroitin sulfate was originally isolated well before the structure was characterized , leading to changes in terminology with time .
the water in star-forming regions with herschel (wish) key program was designed to observe water in a wide range of environments and provide a legacy data set to address its physics and chemistry.
racing bicycles used for criteriums are typically no different than those used in other mass-start road events .
michener wrote that he did not know who his biological parents were , or exactly when or where he was born .
to study today’s culture, future scholars would be faced with pdfs, word documents and hundreds of other file types that can only be interpreted with dedicated software and sometimes hardware, too.
one week would be nice.
by the time it wraps saturday, the alliance aimed to produce a set of new initiatives intending to reinvigorate and redirect nato 20 years after the end of the cold war.
thomas did not like to be cold.
japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant.
has it already been repaired ?
human bodies are usually buried in a cemetery .
twitter had more than a year to prepare for this ipo: where are the women ?
he watched other people enter the bank.
one effect of the drought was widespread desertification .
matt said he wanted to take the class.
indeed, it even seems possible to formulate it in terms of facts rather than events (mellor 1995, 2004).
they say they fear the show will give the controversial sheriff positive publicity, ignoring what they call a darker side to his 16-year tenure as top lawman in the county that includes phoenix.
it had nothing to do with the cases involved -- same-sex marriage in utah and a requirement for contraceptive coverage under obamacare.
with this program, the nsa is able to reach directly into the servers of the participating companies and obtain both stored communications and perform real-time collection on targeted users.
examination of the immediate environs reveals a concentration of ancient sites , making a significant ritual landscape .
impoverished by the collapse of america’s car industry, the city is struggling to build a system to cope.
the ladder analogy arises because no one technique can measure distances at all ranges encountered in astronomy .
the characteristic objects of the discourse, the numbers, are mere aids we use to make utterances about how things stand in the real world.
typically, workers (unlike capitalists) must sell their labor power to make a living.
the third tunnel was discovered on 17 october 1978 .
we 're just shooting the breeze .
samr said on monday that from august through december last year, vipshop had developed a system to obtain information on brands that gave vipshop a competitive advantage.
after 40 years of the war on drugs, the evidence clearly shows that it is ineffective to use the criminal justice system to send public health messages.
“we need to ensure that people lifted out of poverty remain above the poverty line permanently.
the proboscis monkey eats mainly fruit and leaves .
since 2012, the computer vision community has made numerous valuable contributions to deep learning research, enabling it to provide solutions for the problems encountered in medical science [21] to mobile applications [179].
on july 6 , 1893 , pomeroy was struck by a tornado that was later estimated to be f5 on the fujita scale .
the government issued a statement saturday saying tuareg rebels from the azawad national liberation movement, joined by jihadists, attacked government buildings.
parish councils are run by volunteer councilors who are elected to serve for four years and are not paid .
it also ships the flatbread to finland, germany, sweden and the us, primarily for consumption by diaspora communities.
the flag first had twenty - eight white points .
but they agree that to describe a person as virtuous or an object as beautiful is to make a claim about their tendency to cause a certain response.
brian's car is very fast.
that's really helpful!
so far , two nuclear weapons have been used in the course of warfare , both by the united states near the end of world war ii .
the median income for a household in the county was $ 64,294 .
i want to help.
“although dogs’ palates are different from ours, taste is an important quality check to ensure each different ingredient is perfectly balanced in just the right way,” says philip wells, the chief taster for lily’s kitchen pet food.
then it stopped bouncing up and down.
only one compartment had a light that came on above the lever.
an automobile may use a longitudinal shaft to deliver power from an engine / transmission to the other end of the vehicle before it goes to the wheels .
they must get her medical attention immediately .
the men are having fruit with their dinner .
they had never seen snow before .
after the gold rush , the forest slowly began to regrow .
the textile and manufacturing sectors across scotland suffered significant decline in the post-war period and in particular from the 1960s , in the face of greater foreign competition .
these are large birds , with colorful plumage in males , but are nevertheless difficult to see in the dense vegetation they inhabit .
between 1991 and 1994 , several accidental and unrelated employee deaths happened .
his grades are not as high as they once were .
since the advent of personal computing , page layout skills have expanded to electronic media as well as print media .
clocks use different ways to measure time .
agent 47 can take on hard tasks and perform physical tasks more efficiently than any average human .
does it snow here ?
the pyxicephalidae contain two subfamilies , with a total of 12 genera .
as part of the british empire , canada immediately was at war in 1914 .
maybe the cat was wild.
the gallery was started in 1897 , as the national gallery of british art .
the eyes of the mantis shrimp are mounted on mobile stalks and can move independently of each other .
if you always lived at home , it would be difficult to experience life fully .
it recorded everywhere he went.
“but,” he said, for that to be the case, “one would need to invoke some new dimension to the problem involving a major missing ingredient for which we currently have no evidence.
ethylene is produced by several methods in the petrochemical industry .
he was going the wrong way on a one-way street.
renewable energy can also contribute to better health by providing energy to refrigerate medicine and sterilize medical equipment .
what were those red spots?
he looked at the bird.
its batteries have died .
the view also holds that most mathematical statements that are deemed to be true are in fact true.
pumice is widely used to make lightweight concrete and insulative low-density cinder blocks .
loons , which are the size of a large duck or a small goose , resemble these birds in shape when swimming .
some octopus species are also able to walk along the sea bed .
in the second week of september , a strong tropical wave started moving off the coast of africa .
"don't sleep in," said the ranger.
he got a rag.
it will rain tonight so you should take an umbrella .
“there will not be enough water available on current croplands to produce food for the expected nine-billion population in 2050 if we follow current trends and changes towards diets common in western nations,” the report by malik falkenmark and colleagues at the stockholm international water institute (siwi) said.
the main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican .
team based battle royals consist of two or more teams of wrestlers , with the number of wrestlers on each team usually being equal .
it was summer when i saw her again .
my complaining son annoyed me this morning .
there were words next to each dial.
american politics has n't changed --- unless it has gotten worse .
supporters see the man they call king bibi as strong on security and an influential voice for israel abroad.
one might think that 15a can be justified only empirically, but gemologists seem to think that it is conceptually necessary that rubies are red, that is, that the meaning of “ruby” requires that rubies be red.
gold and silver were found in the area in 1867 .
the length of the slide rule is quoted in terms of the nominal length of the scales .
film crities circle of australia awards
according to a reuters poll of economists payrolls likely increased by 50,000 jobs in january after declining by 140,000 in december.
she hoped to find a good job at the job fair .
for every tech evangelist, though, there was a cautionary note sounded by other speakers.
until a few years ago, none of these ideas met the sniff test for what i call the practical visionary, that is, someone capable of seeing a new future, yet solidly grounded in lessons learned.
a linear chain of amino acid residues is called a polypeptide .
as currently used, the label “egalitarian” does not necessarily indicate that the doctrine so called holds that it is desirable that people's condition be made the same in any respect or that people ought to be treated the same in any respect.
because planners expected fairly light traffic volumes , the bridge was designed with two lanes , and it was just 39 ft wide .
cowbirds eat insects , including the large numbers that may be stirred up by cattle .
don't go crazy now.
some people consider catsuits to be fetish items .
groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade , and in high school took an independent study in english .
mortars have existed for hundreds of years .
most seamounts are not yet to be studied , or even mapped .
the main inscription was made of bronze letters .
according to foot, “it takes more to justify an interference than to justify the withholding of goods and service” (md 83).
the actual number of diverted aircraft and passengers varies from different sources .
the man in that car caused the accident .
fully one-tenth had no women serving on their boards at all.
he rarely speaks in spanish class .
people who are allergic develop an anaphylaxis - an allergic reaction .
it shows our determination to protect our citizens from the threat of ballistic missiles.
these poems do not prove that the punishment took place at the time they were written .
in two books from 1952 and 1954, written and published in italian, eugenio garin defended a position almost identical to that of baron’s: renaissance humanism, especially as propounded in florence, reflects a pronounced shift from the emphasis on contemplation typical of the middle ages to the priority of civil action to attain a common good (garin 1947 [1965]).
that would fit with his father, kim jong il's official story, which claims he was born under a double rainbow with the seasons spontaneously changing and a new star appearing in the sky for the occasion.
he didn't say anything about other crimes.
such a thing is not out of the question but requires a lot of faith.” he added: “rises in global average temperatures of at least 4c by 2100 will have profound impacts on the world and the economies of many countries if we don’t urgently start to curb our emissions.”
the molecular structure of mauveine proved difficult to determine , finally being identified in 1994 .
key words: crop insurance, cocoa, probit regression, dormaa municipal assembly, ghana.
developed countries have , which means that the service sector becomes more important , and the is less important .
he ran across the basketball court .
the program is continuing to expand, with other providers due to come online.
doctors, or medical professionals who specialize in providing health-related assistance to patients, are some of the most respected individuals in america and the world.
the curtain rises on a warm evening in india , centuries in the past .
another example of standards that the naturalist sees as on the wrong side of the tracks are ‘fundamental’ philosophical ones.
the chemosynthetic bacteria grow into a thick mat which attracts other organisms , such as amphipods and copepods , which graze upon the bacteria directly .
european colonies began with the spanish settlement of santa catarina island in 1542 .
the song received extensive critical recognition .
they do nothing for us,” said oscar josé santos, a 19 year old who was with a group of hooded youths from the rocinha favela.
the strong interaction is often thought to be controlled by gluons , which ' glue ' quarks together through the strong force .
all the bicycles in front of the station had been locked , so they were removed using tools .
crombie died in new york city , new york from a cerebral hemorrhage , aged 48 .
these verbs take clauses rather than direct objects as their complements.
most wild tigers live in asia .
to swim , the nautilus draws water into and out of the living chamber with its hyponome , which uses jet propulsion .
rainbow lorikeets are monogamous and pair for life , and the two sexes look almost identical .
he had a huge cabbage farm .
a larger pool of fissile material is a dual threat: as a vital part of an expanded nuclear weapon program and as a commodity to be sold on the black market.
hideo shiogama and tomoo ogura, at japan’s national institute for environmental studies, said the explanation of how fewer clouds form as the world warms was “convincing” and agreed this indicated future climate change would be greater than expected.
the hypothalamus releases factors down the pituitary stalk to the pituitary gland where they cause the release of pituitary hormones .
even within philosophy, the terms “idealism” and “idealist” are used in different ways, which often makes their meaning dependent on the context.
i take the bus every day.
sailing , fishing and equestrian sports are popular with both residents and visitors alike .
the tomato is grown and eaten around the world .
he didn't want to miss his plane.
refurbishment works has begun since january 2016 , beginning with train set 217 / 218 .
she went to the circus with her parents.
at one time only kings wore purple .
performance improvements are sometimes delivered via wafs or wan optimization .
i will love them all, and they will all love me."
despite being a great singer , she sang very badly that night .
their plumage is mainly light chestnut brown with blackish spots on the upperside and buff with narrow blackish streaks on the underside ; the remiges are also blackish .
in some cases , when cold snaps threaten wildlife , warming centers are created and operated to protect endangered wild animals .
but it burned in one spot only.
until the mid-19th century , mexico was the biggest producer of vanilla .
good luck, everyone!
the two aldehydes of greatest importance in industry , formaldehyde and acetaldehyde , have complicated behavior because of their tendency to oligomerize or polymerize .
the most important property of deep learning is that deep neural networks can automatically find compact low-dimensional representations (features) of high-dimensional data (e.g., images, text and audio).
a duck 's foot is yellow , or orange , or sometimes almost brown .
boehner, in a statement, sounded conciliatory.
sam always goes to moma when he visits new york city .
she nodded her head.
isometric scaling is governed by the square- cube law .
the album was a subject of controversy because of a poster inserted in the original record sleeve .
most developed nations of the world are characterized by technology-driven farm production activities.
"how much do you charge?"
picked died of colon cancer in new york city on april 20 , 2019 .
it is made up of 8 districts and 28 municipalities .
he collaborated with major scientific figures and travelers of the period on projects involving their studies .
pat looked at the washer.
in other words, there is no real difference between the act of creation and the act of conservation, though different words may be used for them.
i wish i had better language skills .
after the post , many people contributed code to the project .
the moonlight made the countryside shadowy .
roads have long been built through passes , as well as railways more recently .
unlike most earlier display protocols , x was specifically designed to be used over network connections rather than on an integral or attached display device .
there is no connection between the shape of a bacterium and its colors in the gram staining .
god will fix don's cancer.
bangladesh played their first test match on 10 november 2000 .
they were given several types of fish .
other countries, such as china and korea, which are also considering real-world emissions tests, will be watching what happens next closely.
one man was found to own a rifle, while another had recently been diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat.
he heard a siren.
its chat rooms are only accessible via invites from current members, and as of sunday, invites to the platform were selling for between 50-400 yuan ($7.73 - $69.59) on popular chinese e-commerce sites.
"mom, why aren't you laughing?
sit down here.
i do, in math and english.
the upperside of the wings is checkered with orange and black .
in all states of the united states and most african and asian nations , corporal punishment by parents is currently legal .
when the yerba is harvested , the branches are dried sometimes with a wood fire , imparting a smoky flavor .
i 've spoken with all the parents except for his .
“the development of a new, real-world driving emission test is an important step forward in tackling urban air pollution.
as of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 8,441 , up from 7,233 as of 2005 .
the shovelnose frogs are digging frogs .
sharon liked to jump into the pool.
i have n't seen her since we were in high school together .
i arrived at school before my sister .
at the bottom of the bacterial flagellum , where it meets the cell membrane , a motor protein acts as an engine .
the satellite was found at 0.25 arcsec from orcus with magnitude difference of 2.7 .
and, if for whatever reason, you are unable to venture outside, the internet can bring solace.
the naked mole rat can only regulate its body temperature in the typical mammalian fashion over a relatively narrow range of temperatures .
in the united states , starting in 1996 , the show was open-captioned ; this was intended as an aid to help younger children learn to read .
his sister didn't like to use the phone.
william didn't want linda to go.
there are 29 letters in the vietnamese alphabet .
tuning forks have traditionally been used to tune musical instruments , though electronic tuners have largely replaced them .
the doctors told you he would be alright?
there are four games in the series
but it is understood the couple want proceedings brought against the editor of closer, which published the photos on friday, and whoever took the images of the couple sunbathing at the chateau, which belongs to lord linley, son of the late princess margaret.
a port of call is a place where a ship stops before it has finished its trip .
the geographers also estimate that the site intrudes on two wildlife conservation areas.
the vast majority of tin whistles are in d , since they are often used in music with fiddles .
its area is 2812 km2 , of which about three quarters are considered productive to trees or crops .
suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced .
racing bicycles used for criteriums often have subtle , but significantly different geometry from those used in other mass-start , multi stage road race events .
it was revealed that the cost of malaria treatment and additional labour cost incurred had a significant effect on the income of the farmers, however; the number of days of incapacitation had no significant effect on the income of cocoa farmers.
much of that volatility is owed to the reckless behavior of the north korean regime, enabled by their friends in china.
these are particular ironies since women-run startups use 40 % less capital to launch.
people with bpd feel emotions more easily , more deeply and for longer than others do .
it was something which appeared to be safe at the time .
three quarters of the world’s food production is thought to depend on bees and other pollinators such as hoverflies.
cockatoos are recognizable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills .
the role of a gamemaster in an online game is to enforce the game 's rules and provide general customer service .
on 31 january 2013 , he was shot and wounded during his bid for the presidency in 2013 .
on all sides, clark says, there is a realization that sectarian conflict is a no-win situation in which tit-for-tat attacks would claim hundreds of lives.
the screen however does not show a more or less constant uniform surface glow, but rather lights up at one instant at one spot ….
the two most common quantifiers are the universal quantifier and the existential quantifier .
she dropped the pudding on the floor .
in the meiji period , sports which were imported from the west became popular .
for generations, local families have protected the fragile manuscripts, some of which date from the 13th century, from invaders.
this will place additional pressure on our already stressed water resources, at a time when we also need to allocate more water to satisfy global energy demand – which is expected to rise by 60% over the coming 30 years – and to generate electricity for the 1.3 billion people currently without it,” said the report.
over 500 atmospheric nuclear weapons tests were done at various sites around the world from 1945 to 1980 .
but in defeat, there might be a valuable and necessary lesson.
although peat has many uses for humans , it also presents problems .
"i won't pay you with bananas.
the social and economic problems created by the disaster were very big .
she watches the news on tv.
reading right to left , top to bottom , the symbols are as follows .
he concedes that historians will take steps to preserve material considered important by today’s standards but argues that the significance of documents and correspondence is often not fully appreciated until hundreds of years later.
after the most recent escalation, south korean president park geun-hye spoke to military leaders and told them to prepare to retaliate.
at the same time, bruni was a prodigious author and translator, composing a multi-volume history of the florentine people (based on his access to primary sources), producing latin versions of works by aristotle (including the politics) and other greek texts, writing biographies of notable italians for popular consumption, among many other literary activities.
all formulas in this article are correct in si units , but in other unit systems , the formulas may need to be changed .
multi-use tickets allow a passenger to travel more than once .
gathering is the traditional job of the women and children .
since privatization , the structure of the rail industry and number of companies has changed several times as franchises have been re-let and the areas covered by franchises restructured .
he spoke in a shaky voice .
there are possible health concerns of sugar substitutes and caffeine overuse .
we are against elephant hunting .
the plane flew past the city.
instead, rubio has embraced a typical conservative approach to immigration.
i have been called by reporters all day .
pippi longstocking is a fictional nine-year- old girl .
an ecosystem provides services to human beings that the world resources institute (2005) defines as benefits.
the basic problem, plainly put, is this: it is not at all clear what quantum mechanics is about.
the two sides reached consensus on bilateral relations and the situation on the korean peninsula after candid and in-depth talks, said chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu.
sometimes i wish i had the power to go back in time and change some of the decisions i made .
factors, the agricultural sector has been challenged and the extent of fertile land available for this sector is decreasing; this can reduce productivity, household‟s food security, and aggravate poverty in degraded areas of the country (moa, 2012; teklewold and kohlin, 2011; gebrelibanos and abdi, 2012).
she was so happy.
researchers at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh have made headway towards a solution to bit rot, or at least a partial one.
cattle have been domesticated since the neolithic era , but can survive for months or even years with little or no supervision .
in analog circuit design , a multiplexer is a special type of analog switch that connects one signal selected from several inputs to a single output .
400 restaurants and hotels had to close for violating the laws that were set in place .
but, in a statement, the dh said: “we are very pleased to see the move towards tougher action on tobacco, with europe-wide controls banning flavoured cigarettes and the introduction of stricter rules on front-of-pack health warnings.
india won the war .
will a verdict come soon?
"that's for sure," said teri.
in most cases , control engineers utilize feedback when designing control systems .
the great majority of large breakers one sees on an ocean beach result from distant winds .
we are dealing with a major power with nuclear weapons that has the capacity to reduce the world to so much irradiated ash.
deep frying produces large amounts of waste oil , which must be disposed of properly .
this library doesn't like you either!
these houses were built before the war .
americium -aluminum alloys are formed by the melting of americium dioxide with aluminum and a fluxing agent .
she hurt everywhere.
there were many people treated for injuries .
large died on 3 november 2018 from a heart attack at the age of 75 .
the policy has been credited with a fall in cocaine production in the country, leading some experts to see the bolivian model as a way forward for other countries.
modern psychiatric hospitals evolved from , and eventually replaced the older lunatic asylums .
the consumption of baked beans in sauce has dropped by a fifth despite a rise in other types of convenience food, particularly italian dishes.
he will sleep in his car.
it was built in 1718 but destroyed by an earthquake a short time later .
i 'm flying on thai airlines .
i miss my mom .
they identified 15,152 distinct species, nearly half of which were bacteria.
she had warm brown eyes .
shares of cinema operator amc entertainment have more than halved from a closing peak of $19.90 and closed down 3.67% on friday.
after the war his research focused on human genetics , pioneering in what is now known as gene regulation .
copper has many uses .
you may have a headache.
they had the same view on marriage.
“we are symbiotic: the town is here because of the mine,” says deputy mayor niklas siren.
the upperside of the wings is dark reddish brown with the forewing sometimes having white submarginal spots .
the design of the coracle makes it an unstable craft .
after attending multiple writers ' conventions , she began writing short stories .
the city government anticipates moving around ten families a year into this programme, which starts in 2013.
some backpacks are specialized to carry a particular thing , such as fluids or a laptop computer .
whatever else has happened in the past 30 years we have n't had this sort of sectarian attack aimed at killing lots of people, she told cnn by phone from the afghan capital.
but such nonphysical effects, however slight, would mean that the physical account of motion is false — for that account says that there will be no such change of shape unless there is a physical force that causes it.
epidemiological practice and the results of epidemiological analysis make a significant contribution to health management
i am going to use the slide, sarah.
this lane is for people whose cars have electronic tags .
the chloroplasts of glaucophytes are known as' cyanelles ' .
the artist said he wanted to encourage cubans to familiarize themselves with the internet.
low-calorie soft drinks represented half of all soft drinks consumed in 2014 for the first time.
coagulation is highly conserved throughout biology .
as noted earlier, darwin had been deeply impressed by herschel’s preliminary discourse on the study of natural philosophy when it first appeared a year before the beagle set sail, and in his private journal he referred to his meetings with herschel during a week long stop in cape town in june of 1836 as among the most profound events of the entire voyage.
i work as a 911 emergency operator .
prisoners complain about the triple bunk beds.
an artist that operates a printing press to do their own works , especially by hand , is usually named by the term printmaker .
ice skating, sledding, ice hockey, and snowball fights are commonly enjoyed winter activities.
until the 1990s , historical analysis of the events remained superficial because of official censorship and lack of academic interest .
it must say, "mom, you are the best mother in the world."
he wanted to stay with his parents and his friends.
wish targeted ∼80 sources along the two axes of luminosity and evolutionary stage: from low- to high-mass protostars (luminosities from <1 to > 105 l ) and from pre-stellar cores to protoplanetary disks.
in singapore , 7 - eleven forms the largest chain of convenience stores island-wide .
in pre-modern society , the ordeal typically ranked along with the oath and witness accounts as the central means by which to reach a judicial verdict .
what else did they say about the weekend?
“these details have yet to be determined,” admits lindstedt.
fourteen is old for a cat.
it was comfortable.
could i have a quiet room with a view if possible, please?
cnn's adam levine contributed to this report.
poster 2 before the exam have your id card ready.
he smelled hot food.
some former subspecies have been lately recognized as species for genetic reasons .
the monkey jumped down from the tree and gave the zookeeper a banana .
s of 2010 , there is no vaccine that prevents syphilis .
fashion designers attempt to design clothes which are functional as well as aesthetically pleasing .
a dialdehyde is a molecule with two aldehydes .
algebraic geometry occupies a central place in modern mathematics .
they were walking with a couple of tommy's friends.
he didn't have to go to school.
he eventually had to relinquish painting because failing eyesight meant that he could not achieve the quality that he wanted .
on foot’s view, the significant difference lies in the fact that in rescue ii, saving the five would require initiating a causal sequence that kills one.
each appointment has been a response to the state of the series and some have worked out better than others.
history was written about states or nations during the renaissance .
i don't know if i can hold it.
mary did not trust carol.
the center for auto safety petitioned the nhtsa to open a similar investigation on july 8.
ferrets are known to suffer from several distinct health problems .
they carry empty trash bags.
prisons didn't use to have bunk beds.
i have never met his girlfriend but i have seen her .
in most developed countries , the law requires that ingredients be listed according to their weight in the product .
obsidian can be found in locations which have experienced rhyolitic eruptions .
the nurse gives her a bandage.
this was the first major history of japan to be published in the west .
fred kicked the ball.
yes, we are, but not right now.
the main purpose of an office environment is to support its occupants in performing their jobs .
delinquency and crime have soared as greek society has unravelled under the weight of austerity measures that have cut the income of ordinary greeks by 40%.
she felt great after working out all day .
anyone who tries to swim the english channel will find the water very cold and quite choppy .
this alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to form the total .
to this day, the ch remains open.
such inferences from the observed to the unobserved, or to general laws, are known as “inductive inferences”.
russian troops have occupied georgian territory since its invasion in 2008.
from preschool through age six, a trained psychologist or doctoral student evaluated each child for adhd symptoms annually.
put it in the street.
it seems likely that the standardization of the script will be greatly influenced by the need to typeset it on computers .
elliptical galaxies range in size from tens of millions to over one hundred trillion stars .
she opened her purse.
there 's an 80 % chance that she might be having twins .
this poem, hitherto still unpublished, was printed without the author’s name (some thought it was jacobi’s own) and conveyed quite a different image of the gods than was found in the other poem.
in addition, the united states will deny export license applications for any high-technology items that could contribute to russian military capabilities.
sake dean mahomed also developed a fashionable massage .
europe lies mainly in the temperate climate zones , being subjected to prevailing westerlies .
how could she live without a job?
cyclothymia is classified in dsm - 5 as a subtype of bipolar disorder .
there are many different versions of this song .
speaking over his shoulder, obama replied, “no.” earlier, the republican senator mike lee had struck a defiant tone, perhaps indicating more trouble ahead: “the media keeps asking: 'was it worth it?'
pillay's office also has information that syrian rebels are still holding government officers and soldiers prisoner, the statement said.
emma wanted a pink car .
a clapstick is a type of musical instrument that , according to western musicological classification , falls into the category of percussion .
they have a dog.
the owls ' hunting depends on surprising its prey .
i like dogs more than cats .
among other companies reporting earnings, swiss drugmaker roche was the top boost on the stoxx 600 after it forecasted a rise in 2021 sales and profit thanks to surging demand for covid-19 tests.
she writes: “by default, copyright closes the door on countless ways that people can share, build upon and remix each other’s work, possibilities that were unimaginable when those laws were established.” she says artists need to think creatively about how they distribute and monetize their work, quoting the science fiction writer cory doctorow, who said: “my problem is not piracy, it’s obscurity.” index on censorship agrees.
syrian opposition forces may have executed as many as 30 people, most of them government soldiers, in rural aleppo, according to the united nations, which cited videos of the killings posted on the internet in july.
﻿the international monetary fund (imf) has appealed to washington to sort out its finances after the us pulled back from the brink of a debt default and hundreds of thousands of federal employees returned to work after a 16-day government shutdown.
redhill is the only mrt station in which the two platforms are not parallel to each other .
performance optimizations were made in order to speed up common tasks across all supported ios devices .
she often shared her boots with her sister .
workers who were exposed to xanthan gum dust developed allergy - like symptoms from breathing in the dust .
we learned to dance .
i need someone who can fix my car .
they honked their horns at each other.
they played all kinds of games.
would you please ask your wife to make some of her special sauce for the party ?
they would usually disappear in a few hours.
my car uses lots of gasoline," said doug.
a young man walked up to each homeless person.
let 's go for a bike ride .
the government is led by the prime minister , who selects all the remaining ministers .
the basic unit of an element is called an atom .
i'm sorry that your parents didn't teach you how to be nice.
none of their stated goals was achieved and polls showed that voters overwhelmingly blamed them for the crisis.
the goatse . cx domain name was reportedly sold at an auction on april 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder .
the good news, the researchers wrote, is that these “potentially infectious agents” are not spreading sickness or disease throughout new york but rather seem to be “normal co-habitants” and “may even be essential”.
we had lobster for jake 's birthday dinner .
once they knew the owner of a particular number had a partner, identifying the significant other was easy, they report.
the fourth- generation ipad is shipped with ios 6.0 and later , ios 7 .
the economic impact of the common cold is not well understood in much of the world .
a generalization of the above current loop is a multi-turn coil , or solenoid .
but unlike karl barth or paul tillich, for example, who saw themselves as fusing philosophy and theology, rosenstock-huessy refused to see himself primarily as a philosopher or theologian—though when the term philosopher was qualified by the preceding ‘social’, he was more willing to accept that designation.
as the us president, barack obama, warned “we’ve got to get out of the habit of governing by crisis,” the imf’s managing director, christine lagarde, appealed for more stability.
this happens every year, so i got smarter.
what could deborah do?
﻿barack obama flew back to washington and his desk in the oval office on wednesday, hours after delivering an election victory speech in chicago in which he called for the country to unite behind him.
the simplest form of term life insurance is for a term of one year .
dial - up modem use in the us dropped to 60 % by 2003 , and in 2006 stood at 36 % .
but it was like a small stone that was on fire.
there are three different types of sections , the parabola , the hyperbola and the ellipse .
a contrary view is that the name was a veiled insult .
i need to change a tire.
some crab apples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to stand up to cold or drought .
there are two versions of the video .
that it be done publicly in the face of the world.
this daisy may be used as a leaf vegetable .
the schedule has changed , but it is still possible to find good classes with good teachers .
't hooft is most famous for his contributions to the development of gauge theories in particle physics .
you 'd be safe if i had gone .
they suggested the number of people at risk of hunger might climb by 10% to 20% by 2050, with daily per-capita calorie availability falling across the world.
she talked about her cash.
a young girl describes her special relationship with her grandfather over four seasons .
today vois unites more than 3,500 performers and hundreds of record-labels in different music styles .
in it, the leader of the conservative movement, to defeat the treaty, claims that unelected u.n. bureaucrats could take away a parent's power to demand special education services for a disabled child.
in the center is a machete and hoe , representing the revolution through which the nation gained independence and the importance of agricultural workers .
i did n't see anything suspicious .
i had a great time at your house.
it raised the trash can into the sky.
obama addressed reporters during the first day of what he promised would be a landmark summit featuring leaders of nato's 28 member countries, as well as russia.
the band has seen many personnel changes .
no man wants to look weak .
prices for staples such as corn and wheat have risen nearly 50% on international markets since june, triggered by severe droughts in the us and russia, and weak monsoon rains in asia.
individual rolls of 135 film are enclosed in single-spool , light - tight , metal cassettes to allow cameras to be loaded in daylight .
he played it very well.
republicans seized on vice president joe biden's reported comments at last week's house democratic retreat in maryland.
the bathroom has hot and cold water faucets.
meteorologists have a tough job .
after a virus has made many copies of itself , it has usually exhausted the cell of its resources .
perspective drawings have a horizon line , which is often implied .
based on the sizes of the satellites , the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter .
unaipon was obsessed with correct english and in speaking tended to use classical english rather than that in common usage .
both of them started crying.
since preservation , the railway has operated as a tourist attraction .
trapping headbutts are where a wrestler holds both of the opponent 's arms under their own and hits the opponent with a series of headbutts .
she had money problems.
violent scenes were removed from the movie to achieve an r rating rather than an x rating .
in economics and accounting , capital accumulation is often equated with investment of profit income or savings , especially in real capital goods .
many of descartes’ suggestions were incorporated, as amendments, into the final version of the regius’ reply to voetius, which appeared as responsio, sive notae in appendicem (regius 1642) on 16 february 1642.
a prolific artist , he made several thousand paintings .
1987; hull 1988; gavroglu et al.
the reason that specialized was based on special english is related to their respective usage .
bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and 60 % of the dry mass of feces .
i want my money now," jack said.
the flag has six white stripes.
renewable energy projects in many developing countries have demonstrated that renewable energy can directly contribute to poverty alleviation by providing the energy needed for creating businesses and employment .
the quiz is impossible to complete .
a flat piece of heat - absorbing glass is often placed in the light path between the condensing lens and the slide , to avoid damaging the latter .
he got out of his car.
the uptempo song 's lyrics are a plea from the singer to her lover not to end their relationship .
he opened the door to his home.
it is also the season wherein previously dormant bees and butterflies reemerge, and when birds become more active.
spanish is the fastest growing language .
some of the equipment paramedics carry is very specialized.
yes, i think i do.
john lynch had vetoed the bill, saying there must be an exception for rape, incest and abuse.
before flying off to america , ally gave each of her siblings a big hug and a present .
most americans support better relations with cuba, as do a majority of cuban-americans.
knowledge of them comes not only from language , but also from archaeology and archaeogenetics .
the drought caused a lot of desertification .
this year was one of the coldest winters in recorded history , some say because of the climate change issue .
which movies are out right now?
voltaire 1764/1901: 272) famously defined a miracle as “a violation of the laws of nature,” and this definition has been the focus of lively discussion ever since.
life in many developing-country cities could become practically unbearable, given that urban temperatures are already well above those in surrounding countryside.
grandfather 's eyebrows are turning white .
he died on 21 june 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia .
pirogi come in different shapes and forms : they are often oblong with tapering ends , but can also be circular or rectangular .
there are several movies about wolves .
elemental symbols were often used by the early church .
what does that cloud look like to you ?
unlike the collection of those call records, this surveillance can include the content of communications and not just the metadata.
the development of the game began in early 2012 .
the sanctions will include asset freezes and travel bans.
she said yes.
naloxone can be used to reverse opioid overdose and to reduce the slowed breathing or mental depression that opioids can cause .
do n't run around with the fork ! mom yelled .
the new research narrowed that range to between 3c and 5c, by closely examining the biggest cause of uncertainty: clouds.
most parts of the former super-continent gondwana have ratites , or did have until the fairly recent past .
she wanted to be tall.
the band gap energy of semiconductors tends to decrease with increasing temperature .
a major railway survey in april 1961 was used in the writing of a government report on the future of the network .
lisa was nervous at the party and stood next to her best friend the entire night .
the program is subject to oversight by the foreign intelligence surveillance court, the executive branch and congress.
the university has its own campus with a total area of 35 000 m2 .
my family is very important to me.
people will stop coming here.
keep in touch!.
these developments raise concern with the possibility that their combined environmental cost being enormous.
shortly before his first nhl training camp , boynton was diagnosed with type i diabetes , but the condition did not affect his ability to play hockey .
most screwdrivers are operated manually , but there are some that use an electric or other motor to rotate the bit .
within a day , the first symptoms of mustard poisoning had appeared in 628 patients and medical staff , with symptoms including blindness and chemical burns .
we investigate all of these parameters in a 1014m⊙ halo using high-resolution non-cosmological mhd simulations with the fire-2 (feedback in realistic environments) stellar feedback model, conduction, and viscosity.
there is also the built environment .
“this was a real attempt at subversion of the legislative process.” after timmerman’s apparent rejection of the acea proposal, the regulation will now pass to commissioners for a rubber stamp, and member states for final amendments, before an expected introduction in september.
she would wave to everyone.
kebede says she gets her grain from farms in southern europe, though she would prefer to source it from ethiopia.
her dress was pastel pink .
"will you give me a job?"
he put them all on the table.
in reality , cats possess the ability to turn themselves right side up in mid-air if they should fall upside-down , known as the cat righting reflex .
prior to the late 1980s , fans could station themselves up to the guardrails so they could be closer to the action .
some people are not at all affectionate .
do they have it in other colors?
now, we have hard evidence we can point to that didn’t exist in the past,” he said.
rirs split their address pools into smaller chunks and give them to internet service providers in their region .
a cheese fondue mixture should be kept warm enough to keep the fondue smooth and liquid but not so hot that it burns .
she walks back to class.
she is the woman whose team created the corpus .
constructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same space and in phase .
at the time of his disappearance he had climbed 10 out of the 14 eight - thousanders , all without supplementary oxygen .
about 120,000 requests are made each year .
the room started to shake .
the doctors told her to stop smoking many years ago.
correlation diagrams connect the molecular orbitals of the reactant to those of the product having the same symmetry .
first, the subject here is a self; typically, but not necessarily, a person, an individual agent.
though she did not fight in any large battles , her story inspired many works of art and literature .
unlike many snakes the female king cobra is very good parent .
skepticism helps us filter the valuable from the worthless, the permanent from the ephemeral, and the rational from the preposterous.
the atoms in metals have a strong attractive force between them .
i wish it could be someone else that drove the car off the bridge .
i have a class at 7 a.m. that's tough!
on 26 september 1904 , he died of heart failure .
the different neuronal cell types are neatly organized into layers in the hippocampus .
white is regarded by many as england 's first ecologist , and one of those who shaped the modern attitude of respect for nature .
it was on this spot where my husband proposed to me .
the taliban have not played the sectarian card since becoming an insurgency.
since he 's so good to her , i approve of their marriage .
on the other hand, russia's syria policy seems to be in flux judging by its vote in the united nations recently.
“it may not pop up in those stocks that were already attacked, but it could happen in other companies and maybe on a broader scale.” other stocks that have seen sharp declines as their fortunes reversed in the social media phenomenon, such as koss corp and the u.s.-listed shares of blackberry closed higher on friday, while others such as bed, bath & beyond, saw their price fall slow.
or the fringe of the ethnic ukrainian nationalists ?
the town holds several festivals a year .
﻿the forests – and suburbs – of europe are echoing with the growls, howls and silent padding of large predators, according to a new study that shows that brown bears, wolves and lynx are thriving on a crowded continent.
haematoxylin and eosin staining is frequently used in histology to examine thin tissue sections .
differentiated plant cells generally cannot divide or produce cells of a different type .
since congress and state legislatures banned a host of them over the past two years, the companies producing these products have simply changed their chemical formulations to one of thousands of slightly different chemicals with marijuana-like effects.
intellectual property laws such as copyrights and patents have the effect of converting some intangible goods to scarce goods .
various theories have been put forward as possible contributors to the collapse , many of them mutually compatible .
i am staying with a french family.
before rushing to criminalize a new drug, legislators ought to ask: what specific regulatory options would help to reduce the harm to individuals, families and society ?
the first huts and shelters were constructed by hand or with simple tools .
the first-line psychiatric treatment for schizophrenia is antipsychotic medication , which can reduce the positive symptoms in about seven to fourteen days .
the primary objective of the mission is to develop the technologies required for designing , planning , management and operations of an interplanetary mission .
however , mitochondrial dna reflects only the history of the females in a population and so may not represent the history of the population as a whole .
after leaving the brain , the cranial nerves travel inside the skull .
my mother calls every weekend .
kate clark says that while she is circumspect about the taliban's denial, such an attack would be at odds with the taliban leadership's claim to be a national movement -- and is not part of a pattern of such attacks by the group.
in australia , the colonization began in the 1940s , with the species establishing itself in the north and east of the continent .
a dvd of series one has been released on 19 september 2005 , however there is still no word of series two on dvd .
an cafe has been a longtime supporter and endorser of popular japanese fashion label sex pot revenge , and they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
who is the israeli prime minister now ?
but then he heard his dog.
i live in a house near the mountains.
whatever side of the political debate you stand on, no one can deny that as prime minister she left a unique and lasting imprint on the country she served.” describing her as a political phenomenon, the former tory prime minister sir john major said: “her outstanding characteristics will always be remembered by those who worked closely with her: courage and determination in politics, and humanity and generosity of spirit in private.” the “iron lady” proved a significant cold war ally of the us president ronald reagan in the final showdown with the soviet union, which broke up under reformist pressures led by mikhail gorbachev, a kremlin leader with whom thatcher famously declared she could “do business ”.
no one can help her.
because pseudogenes were initially thought of as the last stop for genomic material that could be removed from the genome , they were often labeled as junk dna .
the surgeon removed all the cancer .
the tornado was estimated to have been an f4 on the fujita scale .
the policemen remain focused on the investigation .
adults of both sexes are medium to large birds .
children are not allowed in bars .
the city is notable for its well - preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses .
they all stayed in her living room.
in the tang dynasty , a set of four important qualities for the rocks were recognized .
cricket is the most popular sport in bangladesh .
these records, called engrams, are encoded in physical and chemical changes in brain cells and the connections between them.
new attention focused on civil society and the public sphere, especially with the timely translation of jürgen habermas’s early work, the structural transformation of the public sphere (habermas 1989).
(compare also the catalogue of fictionalist views in kalderon 2005a, ch.
after a while, she felt sleepy.
you may go to the concert if you pay for it .
air traffic control was aware that they had a situation where separation was less than they would like, cory said.
following the final orchestral crescendo , the song ends with one of the most famous final chords in music history .
it was a number two pencil.
the waiter spilled my soup .
as the size of sugary drinks has grown, so have our waistlines -- and so have diabetes and heart disease.
ford and mazda said 591,245 vehicles were potentially affected, according to the automakersreports to the nhtsa in 2004.
visibility of less than 100 m is usually reported as zero .
the six-part series followed the book in great detail .
in each group , teams played against each other home - and - away in a round-robin format .
georges head was armed with four 80 pounder rifled muzzle loading guns and two 68 - pounder guns .
it 's nice of him to get flowers for his mother .
a for-loop has two parts : a header specifying the iteration , and a body which is executed once per iteration .
let's go ride the merry-go-round.
furthermore, some socialists argue that the search for profits in a market socialist economy is not inherently suspicious (schweickart 2002 [2011]).
it was discovered around 6000 bc that wheat seeds could be crushed between simple millstones to make flour .
again, the foremost constraint affecting the farmers was pests and diseases.
but jackie has a question about the news.
what class are you doing this for?
the site was excavated in august 2008 and again in august 2009 and is considered to be an important find by archaeologists .
however, her name does not appear on a witness list filed by federal prosecutors -- and does appear on a list of witnesses filed by the defense.
sauces may be used for savory dishes or for desserts .
so, that's a good thing for the pitcher?
“in ancient india, it was part of daily life, both the physical and the mental aspects.
joseph never opens the front door.
but, while researchers are making progress in storing digital files for centuries, the programs and hardware needed to make sense of the files are continually falling out of use.
shall i invite your colleagues to sandra 's farewell party ?
a downward diagonal attack to the side of the opponent 's neck or shoulder .
inglese had a traumatic brain injury after falling in a stairwell on july 17 , 2019 .
the synapsids are traditionally divided into a primitive group and an advanced group , known respectively as pelycosaurs and therapsids .
the nautilus shell presents one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral , although it is not a golden spiral .
this is my first boat ride, patricia .
however , it is an extremely persistent organic pollutant ; it does not easily break down .
just like i don't believe you watch the news.
she looked at the garage.
the initial construction featured a two-story front section with a one-story extension to the rear , housing the dining room and the winter kitchen .
the osi also has a watch list for world war ii war criminals that has prevented the entry of more than 180 people into the united states, the justice department said.
should she give him a new guitar?
sandra ate the little peanut with the red skin on it.
the letter opens by praising lyell for facing the issue of the ‘introduction of new species’—which herschel calls ‘that mystery of mysteries’—scientifically, and for advocating that we search for ‘intermediate causes’ to explain these ‘introductions’—code for natural, as opposed to ‘miraculous’, causes.
we 've been working on this project for decades .
the album was well received by music critics .
reminders allows users to create lists of tasks with alerts that can either be date - based or location - based .
and a lot of those drafts are changed before we act.
they are beautiful to watch when they fly.
all the stripes are horizontal.
by the 1960s , the need for a new international terminal had become apparent , and work commenced in late 1966 .
you may spare yourself the conflict if you remain quiet about the issue .
i'm the mayor," said the mayor.
the rosids consist of 17 orders .
we need new models for how artists, writers and musicians earn a living from their work.” the debate is a lively one and the scale of illegal downloading vast.
some airports in japan do not fall under the scope of the japanese airport statutes .
the release cycle has followed various schedules but currently aims for four releases per year .
his girlfriend broke her arm, but that's all.
that all changed with the first reports, in 2008, of timothy brown, the berlin patient.
the red crown is often shown in texts , wall carvings and statues .
he asked the teacher what to do .
the challenge, as he sees it, is to understand the “foundation” of the inference—the “logic” or “process of argument” that it is based upon (e. 4.2.21).
taking image data as an z. wu, f. chen, g. long, c. zhang are with centre for artificial intelligence, feit, university of technology sydney, nsw 2007, australia (email: zonghan.wu-3@student.uts.edu.au; fengwen.chen@student.uts.edu.au; guodong.long@uts.edu.au; chengqi.zhang@uts.edu.au).
for one thing, as with the jim crow laws of the old south and the nuremberg laws of nazi germany, the laws to which these types of “actions from duty” conform may be morally despicable.
final development of the m1918a2 was authorized on 30 june 1938 .
but, weekly consumption of chips, pizza, crisps and ready meals has soared.
he was bored.
she tried to sleep, but she couldn't.
exploring the mines is not allowed by the prefecture and people caught get heavy fines .
two major special operations were planned for the offensive .
amid tensions between iran and the united states , the united states blamed iran for the attacks .
she wrote a nonfiction book about a world where people are starving .
killer whales are the largest living members of the dolphin family .
this will do.
i could n't do it even if i tried .
he did not believe he had found the king.
hopes that the ballet would be ready in may were dashed and the opening night was postponed several times .
sometimes she sang it with her best friend.
the cathedral was built on the site of mayan ruins tiho .
but this has never been an uncritical following.
an avenue of honor also remembers those who died in world war i .
seaworld has been in the headlines since the 2013 documentary blackfish detailed claims that its treatment of orca whales provoked violent behaviour, contributing to the deaths of three people.
he puts air in both tires.
“eels are beautiful creatures and working with eels doesn’t just bene ﬁ t the eel: it helps whole river systems, estuaries and coastal habitats.
then whoever was on first base goes to second base.
nobody understands why you do n't have confidence when it 's obvious that you have great talent !
the baby whose lungs were underdeveloped spent several weeks in the hospital .
in september 2002 , he was diagnosed with breast cancer .
ugh, i hate her so much.
automated cockpit systems key to asiana probe
i wish i could be more like you .
in order to save time , he drove .
cohen 2000a: ch.3; fraser 2014: 57–9), capitalism involves certain relations of production.
the assignment is impossible to finish because it 's so time - consuming .
the woman whose parents died in the car accident was interviewed on the news .
i 'll see you on monday .
“i also get an adrenaline rush from knowing that, at times, i have thousands of viewers ordering the product that i have just been presenting.”
defendants have often been convicted of offences based on eyewitness testimony only to have their convictions later overturned when dna, or some other corroborating evidence, is brought to bear.
he said he thanked her but she ignored him .
the current town is a sprawling suburban network of winding streets, home to detached houses with gardens.
bradley and j.mct.e.
campaigners say that the car industry has tried to delay reforms to car test cycles but industry groups deny this, arguing that a five-year lead-time is necessary for technical and economic reasons.
[2] his criticisms of theology and philosophy were numerous, varied in content and highly nuanced—and hence unable to receive full treatment here.
“apple and hyundai are in discussion, but as it is at early stage, nothing has been decided,” hyundai said, before releasing subsequent statements that removed all mentions of apple but said hyundai was receiving electric car cooperation requests from parties it didn’t identify.
the film received mostly negative reviews from critics .
he drove his car only five miles a day.
because of his very bad taxes , in 1717 an open revolt took place in the duchy .
jane had a nice jacket collection .
an alcohol and a carboxylic acid react to form a carboxylic ester .
millions of people would see her.
typing quickly is something i 've become very good at .
from now on, please call me adam."
this system is found in most fish , including sharks .
she called the neighbors.
people whose jobs require them to travel often can accumulate lots of air miles for free flights .
she pointed her finger at him .
despite the fact that the contribution of farming to ghana's gross domestic product has dropped over the years, it continues to be a powerful force in the economy (isser, 2011).
it smells like someone died in there.
by agreeing to the annan plan, al-assad pursues a dual-track strategy: he appeases his russian and iranian allies, who have been pressuring him to accept a political solution, while working to kill his way out of the crisis under the pretext that he is confronting armed terrorists and gangs.
in 1971 , she suffered a miscarriage in the eighth month of pregnancy and survived clinical death .
but he was inside.
mumsnet has been “an absolute godsend” for maddy matthews, 19, a student with a two-month-old daughter.
the internationally renowned cuban artist kcho is providing the service.
field was born in london , england .
the bunker walls were 1.5 metres thick and it was almost bomb proof .
“we have known for a long time that torture does not work,” he said.
these include: entities which are not a subject; another subject or subjects; and oneself.
“we call this ‘incepting’ or implanting false memories in a mouse brain,” tonagawa told science.
helen's mother says that is rude.
i wish i could have told you myself but i did n't know you were here .
hold your nostrils closed before you dive in .
there is a huge statue erected in honor of all the netherlands sea-rescuers , opened in 1935 and is sometimes mistakenly assumed to honor dorus .
the strings of eggs absorb water and swell in size .
virgin purchased twenty percent of the team , as part of sponsorship arrangement .
most women have wide hips .
alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend to walk or swim away if one approaches .
everything was okay.
a lot of users have died.” for charalampos poulopoulos, the head of kethea, greece’s pre-eminent anti-drug centre, shisha symbolizes the depredations of a crisis that has led to record levels of destitution and unemployment.
additives are often added to rocket propellants to modify their burn properties .
the woman stopped at the airport was searched for weapons .
attempting to ban one new substance after another is like a game of whack-a-mole: each time one gets banned, another untested and potentially more dangerous drug pops up to replace it.
the following artists achieved three or more number-one hits during the 1990s .
despite being greeted with less-than-stellar reviews, the prequels took $2.5bn at the worldwide box office, shortly after the release of restored and augmented “special editions” of the first trilogy had netted $469m in 1997.
i got bored at the beach .
on september 1 , a tropical wave moved off the coast of africa and headed westward .
i want to be a pediatrician.
like his contemporaries, bruni believed that florence had been founded by the romans during the republican period, rendering its citizens characteristically lovers of freedom who stood also opposed to imperial and tyrannical rule.
[1] some philosophers reject a distinction between “there is” and “exists” (see, for instance, lewis 1990, priest 2005, quine 1953), some philosophers (e.g., meinong 1960, parsons 1980, zalta 1988) think that there are good reasons for making this distinction.
the value of the hamiltonian is the total energy of the thing being described .
yeah, i do.
strong - willed girls often grow up to be very successful women .
brian always escapes from the police.
eun-yi succumbs to the effects of the poison , and mi-hee arranges an abortion without eun-yi 's consent .
the baby birds ate the worms very fast.
they could watch the fishermen.
we’ve lost a great leader, a great prime minister and a great briton.” he added: “as our first woman prime minister, margaret thatcher succeeded against all the odds, and the real thing about margaret thatcher is that she didn’t just lead our country, she saved our country, and i believe she will go down as the greatest british peacetime prime minister.” in a statement, president barack obama said, “here in america, many of us will never forget her standing shoulder to shoulder with president reagan, reminding the world that we are not simply carried along by the currents of history – we can shape them with moral conviction, unyielding courage and iron will.” the first woman elected to lead a major western state, lady thatcher, as she became after the longest premiership since 1827, served 11 unbroken years at no 10 downing street.
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
the term cerebellar ataxia is used to indicate ataxia that is due to dysfunction of the cerebellum .
living in a family with below-average socioeconomic status likewise doubled the risk of adhd in six-year-olds.
the anchoritic life is one of the earliest forms of christian monasticism .
he put the pencil on the table.
you are able to reflect upon your momentary anger or upon your feeling of shame without needing a kind of mental symbol of your anger or your feeling of shame.
when yerba mate is harvested , the branches are often dried by a wood fire , imparting a smoky flavor .
prior to birth, most pregnancies will involve medical interventions such as genetic testing, ultrasound screening, prescriptions to control various symptoms and risks, and—with increasing frequency—technological assistance for conception.
jimmy dropped a piece of paper on the floor.
the french press has different names around the world .
it 's too hot to sleep .
since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature - length movie was in the works .
she is the woman whose cigarettes were found at the crime scene .
oh, right, of course.
the park has in the recent past experienced destruction through construction of a standard gauge railway (sgr) line and a highway called the southern bypass.
during an autopsy , bruises accompanying abrasions indicate the abrasions occurred while the individual was alive , as opposed to damage incurred post mortem .
there are three types of softball .
the selection order in the nhl entry draft is determined by a combination of lottery , regular season standing , and playoff results .
all 730,000 are 2001-2004 ford escape and mazda tribute suvs with v6 engines, according to the nhtsa.
﻿loneliness has finally become a hot topic – the office for national statistics has found britain to be the loneliest country in europe.
the range is about 500 km long and it covers a tract about 48 km broad .
most amphibians go through metamorphosis , a process of significant morphological change after birth .
in 1903 and 1904 , stumpf was involved in two public episodes about sensational phenomena .
sometimes it is a strong wind.
the view is a reversal for hedge funds, which shorted the oil sector in the lead-up to global shutdowns, landing energy focused hedge funds gains of 26.8% in 2020, according to data from evestment.
here it is.
for the second season , the show began to change .
atomic nuclei are protons and neutrons held together by the nuclear force .
we laugh and always have a good time.
what's wrong, joseph?
some computer languages and the ieee 754 - 2008 standard dictate that in straightforward calculations the result should not be rounded twice .
this was a humanistic message with which jacobi agreed wholeheartedly.
the band started to play .
some people would like to know what it is to be like a celebrity .
the children sat ignored for several hours .
we need someone to cover his shift .
freedom from mubarak in egypt has come with a very heavy price for ordinary citizens .
about 150000 people live in the drainage area of this river .
putin's ethnic russian nationalists ?
in parallel, we highlight the unique advantages of deep neural networks, focusing on visual understanding via reinforcement learning.
traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without mechanical fasteners .
the complexity of graph data has imposed significant challenges on existing machine learning algorithms.
the data used was collected from 93 students of kisii university, nairobi campus.
he only likes to take a jog during the night because it is too hot during the day .
if the remainder of the 21st century unfolds like its ﬁrst decade, we will soon experience climate extremes well outside the boundaries of human experience.”
people associate certain colors with certain flavors , and the color of food can influence the perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine .
what do you have to print?
the children sat barefooted on the floor of the temple , waiting for food .
﻿we may not yet be living in an age of flying cars, as predicted in the 1985 film back to the future ii, but the rise of smartphones and other new technologies is creating a reality that is arguably as exciting and almost as far-fetched.
the yellow- bellied glider lives in forests and woodlands in eastern australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres .
in men , as in women , there are a number of physical factors that may cause sexual discomfort .
in computing , at least internally , metric time gained widespread use for ease of computation .
he also criticized what he said was an unprecedented increase in activity of u.s. and nato troops in eastern europe near the russian border, according to the russian government's description of the call.
cleaner shrimps are often included in saltwater aquaria partly due to their cleansing function and partly due to their brightly colored appearance .
inflationary models are also discussed in this chapter , and so is the idea of a theory that unifies quantum mechanics and gravity .
their skin is thin and soft with shiny hair .
because they don't have arms.
but that's the best time for me.
giant pandas give birth to twins in about half of pregnancies .
the movie got very bad reviews from movie critics .
william looked at his bowl of soup.
in 2007 the club began to play floorball .
as of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 16,785 , up from 15,935 as of 2005 .
good morning, tom.
the second test involved a lost wallet containing £5.
companies are working to develop technology that will enable a vehicle to tell traffic control systems not only that it is present but also where it is going and how fast it is travelling.
the weapon 's barrel is screwed into the receiver and is not quickly detachable .
ana again notices the same woman seeing her and christian from a distance .
he gives her advice.
as our societies democratize, mature and progress, human rights defenders are winning longstanding battles to expand the frontiers of rights to include women, children, indigenous peoples, lgbt communities and migrants.
huth was 15 years old in 1974 when the alleged abuse took place, and at least 55 years old when she filed this lawsuit.
she died after a short illness on 15 may 2015 , aged 86 .
he brushed the left shoe.
i need to buy a phone .
2001; angulo et al.
many species of skippers look very alike .
the wrestler holds both the opponent 's arms under his / her own , and delivers a series of headbutts to the opponent , who is unable to counter .
as a result, the hierarchy of observed galaxies is formed (e.g., white & rees 1978; frenk & white 2012), i.e., smaller dm subhaloes and associated satellite galaxies, orbiting within larger host systems consisting of a host dm halo and a central galaxy.
paris is a very old and interesting city.
it was white.
do you need something to eat ?
some or all of the postcodes above may cover two states .
the ball flew over the wall.
for example , cyclohexane and 1 - hexene both have the formula ch .
macneil died after a short-illness , aged 86 .
of course i can cook!
but opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart.
earth 's orbit is an ellipse .
the movement of snakes in trees has only recently been studied .
toobin said sotomayor acted based on her view of the law in holding up the rule in this case.
in particular, republicanism stands against two alternative theories of politics.
someone was ringing his doorbell.
it is extremely toxic .
the neighbors shoveling snow together became friends .
have you met our brother ?
centers often coordinate with outside programs such as 211 .
the videogame retailer, the initial trigger for the market slugfest after gaining popularity on social media platform reddit’s wallstreetbets, closed up 19.20% at $63.77 after hitting a session high of $95, although the wild gyrations seen in the past two weeks appeared to be easing.
he behaves better in the classroom, too.
“with 70% of all available water being in agriculture, growing more food to feed an additional two billion people by 2050 will place greater pressure on available water and land.” the report is being released at the start of the annual world water conference in stockholm, sweden, where 2,500 politicians, un bodies, non-governmental groups and researchers from 120 countries meet to address global water supply problems.
foot also has concerns about the practice of euthanasia that make her hesitate to suggest that the practice ought to be more widely legalized.
it is close to our house .
the eastern border of the province corresponds to the western bank of the maas , which originates in france .
in 2015 , the aquarium had 2.02 million visitors .
he closed his eyes.
have you been singing in the choir ?
where to, sarah?
the traditional cuisine is famous for an abundance of vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes .
there are very few symphonies written in this key .
a urinary tract infection in the lower urinary tract is known as a bladder infection .
he walked around his new car to examine it .
he felt as if there was no one to talk to and he wasn’t close enough to colleagues for them to notice the changes in his behaviour.
regarding (iii), there is a recent burgeoning literature on “market socialism”, which we discuss below, where proposals are advanced to create an economy that is socialist but nevertheless features extensive markets.
mrs. walters stood with her hands on her hips and a stern look on her face .
biting is when a wrestler grabs their opponent and bites them with their teeth .
checkpoints on main roads funnel traffic for id checks and baggage searches with handheld explosive detectors – vital to stop future bombers.
the president is limited to a single five -year term .
there are four kinds of exams : these are by far the most commonly taken exams .
the trophy is in the form of a grandfather clocks .
we hiked to an area where there was fresh water .
tawil predicted prices of $70 to $80 a barrel for brent by the end of 2021 and is investing long independent oil and gas producers.
she was elected president in october 2007 .
it was winter.
“often, we don’t want to reveal those drafts; that would be embarrassing and confusing.
on the parched grass not far from the india gate monument at the centre of delhi, they stretch, breathe and meditate.
what are you studying there?
bearded seals are about 2.1 m to 2.7 m in nose- to-tail length .
solar cells can be used to power tools or to recharge a storage battery .
videos were introduced in amusement arcades in the late 1970s .
throughout the campus , many fountains provide white noise as a background .
i know what to do next .
she was ready to take any job.
john binns, who advises businesses on mental health and well-being, was admitted to hospital for stress-related depression in 2007 and took two months off work.
verdicts in the court of public opinion are mercurial and rarely restrained by the same strictures applied by the actual judiciary.
my parents died many years ago .
she put the money back in her purse.
the statement (1) is made in lm.
shopping channel presenter the job: selling and demonstrating a wide range of products on live tv what it involves: presenting hours and hours of monotonous content, while simultaneously demonstrating the products and appearing to be enthusiastic and knowledgeable about everything that you’re selling.
the church was burnt down on 12 november 2001 .
brad was angry.
all the seeds made it through the first round without incident .
the period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago saw increased aridity of the continent with lower temperatures and less rainfall than currently prevails .
and it is spreading faster than death.
walzer may also hold that everyone at all times and places has equal rights against gratuitous assault by people just seeking fun, whatever the local people's shared beliefs on this matter happen to be.
plans exist for a cinema , a diy and a clothing store .
she 's made a mess .
fiscal cliff fight: missing the big picture to sway voters, tens of millions spent on health care ads
the dog looked at bobby.
please tell me whether mr. williams is considering investing in our company so i know whether or not i should put in the effort to persuade him further .
my mother would have told me if she thought there was something i should know .
leatherback turtles are one of the deepest- diving marine animals .
anderson’s realism rejects the traditional realist-nominalist options concerning the existence of universals.
well, thanks for coming out.
there is a large variety of colleges in the suny system with some overlap in specialties between sites .
to prophesy is to make a prophecy .
foot defines euthanasia as a killing that is for the good of the individual in question, and she asks whether such an act can ever be permissible.
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 456 to 479 .
children need to be given proper diets but more of it is the unnecessary avoidance of things that aren’t harmful, which has a huge impact on the quality of life.
all these, and more, might be ways of indicating problematic separations of the relevant kind.
under french law breach of privacy carries a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a fine of €45,000.
there will be a demand for electric cars in the future because of the increasing concern about global warming .
the first, social difference feminism, includes theories that revalue mothering and caring and has been developed largely in the anglo-american context.
the three - toed hind limbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture .
i love tigers.
hyperoliids range from 1.5 to in body length .
the red crown frequently is mentioned in texts and depicted in reliefs and statues .
if i had been the one to make the decision , i would not have sent the boys out alone .
by the 40s ad , the political situation within britain was apparently in ferment .
according to 2011 census , vikramasingapuram had a population of 47,241 with a sex-ratio of 1,058 females for every 1,000 males , much above the national average of 929 .
an oem damper consists of an outer mass bonded / vulcanized to an inner hub .
intellectual property laws have the effect of converting some goods to scarce goods by law .
the series had survived the drying up of actual bond stories to adapt, the movies having long since departed from any resemblance to the ian fleming originals, but it was lacking a certain dynamism.
next time, you'd better make an appointment.
“to do this properly, the rights of preservation might need to be incorporated into our thinking about things like copyright and patents and licensing.
i'll be more than 10 mins late now, sorry again!!
studying the atmosphere includes studying the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms .
planned economies contrast with command economies .
it was then that i saw her .
cofactors which are complex organic molecules are often called coenzymes .
key words: nairobi national park, ecosystem, discrete choice experiment, willingness to pay, park attributes, multinomial logit.
is there enough water ?
in other words, there could be a false association of what you have in your mind rather than what is happening to you.” he added: “our study showed that the false memory and the genuine memory are based on very similar, almost identical, brain mechanisms.
moody died of natural causes whilst in a london hospital on 11 june 2015 , aged 91 .
“they are taken care of so the whole situation is not going to repeat at the new house they are in,” says boer.
his dog was scratching at the door.
since one luxury hotel chain admitted lying about the provenance of ingredients on its menus, japanese media have served up almost daily revelations of similar transgressions by restaurants run by well-known hotels and department stores.
they were twice as big as her dad's shoes.
holland died of a heart attack on 24 december 2017 in new york city at the age of 89 .
cattle raising is also important with 16,375 head counted in the 2000 census .
the greatest depth was reached in 1989 .
the function of the reaction center of chlorophyll is to absorb light energy and transfer it to other parts of the photosystem .
association football is the most popular sport in costa rica .
there are two versions of the anthem : a long and a short one .
she died six months ago.
she got a flu shot when she was a little girl.
venegas began playing instruments at the age of 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons .
pius v died on 1 may 1572 of what is believed to be cancer .
as a class one type clone , 47 was genetically enhanced in order to perform physical tasks much more efficiently than an average human .
the berry has a low sugar content and a mildly sweet taste .
he went into law after the war and in 1921 set up his own practice .
he needed a bath.
he gave the boys some money to buy their mother some flowers .
where are we going, mr. edwards?
tropical depression ten-e originated from a tropical wave that moved off the west coast of africa on august 14 .
the research indicates that fewer clouds form as the planet warms, meaning less sunlight is reﬂected back into space, driving temperatures up further still.
few people succeed in starting their own business and profiting greatly from it .
paramedics are usually attached to a county, or city fire department, but there are also some private paramedic organizations.
coupled with the expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .
biofuel development and use is a complex issue because there are many biofuel options which are available .
according to legend , one day two hunters were chasing a wild boar .
in one form or another slavery has been practiced since the earliest civilizations .
bobby woke up because he heard a dog.
i'm going to miss her.
i saw theirs on facebook .
there are suspicions that the us and uk are frantically lobbying other countries to gain sufficient numbers to block bolivia’s request.
these limitations exist because rl algorithms share the same complexity issues as other algorithms: memory complexity, computational complexity, and in the case of machine learning algorithms, sample complexity [133].
the chapel was destroyed in a fire on 27 may 2000 , connected to satanism , but was rebuilt and reopened on 13 may 2001 .
sociologists are also concerned with the pragmatic problem of progress: what is the best way of organizing research activities in order to promote scientific advance.
he looked around.
key words: galaxies: haloes – galaxies: kinematics and dynamics – cosmology: dark matter – methods: numerical 1 introduction in the standard paradigm for structure formation in the universe, the λ cold dark matter (λcdm) cosmological model, small dark matter (dm) haloes form early on through gravitational collapse, and then merge to form larger structures subsequently.
a contaminant is a substance present in nature at a level higher than fixed levels or that would not otherwise be there .
the formula is very important because it connects complex numbers and trigonometry .
the store has changed its return policy so i ca n't get a refund .
i'm running 10 mins late, sorry!
the particle in a one-dimensional potential energy box is the most mathematically simple example where restraints lead to the quantization of energy levels .
temporary abdominal closure techniques are most commonly used in cases of abdominal compartment syndrome in which decompressive laparotomy is necessary to reduce intra abdominal pressure to restore system perfusion .
here, try this pink.
the property became famous for its rose garden .
he put his finger on the lump.
due to its comparative isolation , the peninsula is one of the remaining strongholds of the norman language , and the local dialect is known as cotentinais .
love is a bond of obligation which these miserable creatures break whenever it suits them to do so; but fear holds them fast by a dread of punishment that never passes.
cooking oil is flammable , and fires may be caused by it igniting at too high a temperature .
his sister did not know.
much of the railway track and rolling stock is in need of repair or replacement .
the long-term answer in california’s desert is likely to be the abandonment of some cities while consolidating the populations of others.
when she finished, she waited for her mom to laugh.
she swam to the ladder in the pool.
however, wells says £50,000 or more is “easily achievable” for an experienced technical director who, as well as tasting products, is also likely to be responsible for developing new recipes and advising the business on technical and regulatory matters.
i 've run out of toothpaste and i need some badly .
she had thousands of dollars in her purse.
like chinese , japanese also does not use spacing in its writing .
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to pathogens or foreign substances that get past the anatomical barriers .
sewing told employees in a memo that the division was off to a “very good start” this year.
flannel , flannelette , and cotton flannel can be woven in either a twill weave or plain weave .
she bought those pants five years ago .
in his widely discussed writings william lane craig marshals multidisciplinary evidence for the truth of the premises found in the kalām argument.
he died in 2001 of a pulmonary embolism .
the two planes were separated by approximately two horizontal miles.
instead of reaching for the scalpel and making the y-shaped incision in the chest with which a traditional autopsy begins, pathologists are now able to examine the corpse in 3-d via computer screens.
the second season introduced a new format that includes new signs and more original music .
there is a big polish community in melbourne .
a total of 31 players have been the captain of the indian test team so far .
we decided to go there on our own .
flame ionization detectors are used most often for organic compounds .
heavy rotation or power rotation is a list of songs that get the most airplay on a radio station .
in some jurisdictions , specific types of criminal cases may also be started by the filing of a complaint .
the precise mechanisms underlying gestational diabetes remain unknown .
the hawk flew down and grabbed a snake .
england is famous for its bad weather where it is rarely sunny .
foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient japan ; this is why there are legends about them .
hitler worked by an all-encompassing racist ideology that dreamed of turning europe into a giant living space for his people.
arachnids pour digestive juices produced in their stomachs over their prey after killing it with their pedipalps and chelicerae .
(see steiner 2014, in contrast with g.a.
she was the woman whom i called my closest friend .
two equations are equivalent if they have the same set of solutions .
it's blue, i remember.
his books are always sold out and this one is no exception .
as a job , medical illustration has a more recent history .
the first is despotism, especially as manifested in any form of one-man rule; a republic is self-governing, and so are its denizens.
i started to clean out some closets but got distracted .
the collection of parisian articles must have had some kind of official status, and must have circulated among medieval scholars.
red and pink are generally understood to be "the colors" of valentine's day, and many individuals, instead of celebrating romantically, spend the holiday with their friends and/or family members.
the meat was still a little too raw .
the boys shouting at the man were upset because he had stolen their backpacks .
multiple artificial sweeteners can be used to give diet soft drinks a sweet taste without sugar .
she liked it.
on october 5 , a tropical storm formed south of haiti .
it's because she is having a baby tonight.
various political ideologies , such as christian democracy , can be classified as centrist .
we write a mass number after an element 's name or as a superscript to the left of an element 's symbol .
recent research shows that the hotspot itself may have moved with time .
japan is divided into 47 prefectures , each overseen by an elected governor , legislature and administrative bureaucracy .
although pin stripes are found in mostly in men's suits , any type of fabric can be pin striped .
she sat down next to him.
that was n't so hard now, was it ?
"crime is down," said police chief braddon.
these six exceptions are and the verbs formed out of them using prefixes .
sure you can.
health care for the homeless is a major public health challenge .
very little is known of the species ' lifespan .
tim loved putting butter on his corn .
the election was held on 27 april 1994 and went off peacefully throughout the country as 20,000,000 south africans cast their votes .
weight training is a safe kind of exercise when the motion is slow , controlled , and careful .
nmr spectra databases correlate chemical structure with nmr data .
some care ethicists ascribe special, if not exclusive, moral value to caring for those individuals who cannot meet the needs in question themselves (bubeck 1995).
what did you have in mind?
they want to save don's life.
as an example , see the following graphic : as song one begins to fade out the next song begins .
the dvd was released on october 10 , 2006 .
at the beginning of the 19th century , the building was used as a restaurant .
[5] this distinction relates to the distinction between negative rights, rights to non-interference, versus positive rights, which obligate others to provide some service.
she leaned on her knee as she listened .
i wish those men would stop staring at me .
finally, he has to feed the dog.
females bear young every two years following a 160 to 180 day gestation .
hello, how may i help you today?
i slept while he was gone .
in the united states most employment in the field requires either a masters degree in statistics or a related field or a phd .
how can this be, the authors ask.
the belts are located in the inner region of earth 's magnetosphere .
fish are in danger of being eaten if they are separated from the school .
synchrotron light is very collimated .
the settlement was founded by reason of two old merchant roads crossing nearby , as well as a ford crossing the river ems .
nsaids are the usual first-line treatment for gout .
i know you had plans.
increasingly, urban planners, transportation experts and scientists are realizing that old auto-centric models focused on easing traffic congestion aren’t enough to tackle issues like population growth and carbon emissions, and transportation is now, more than ever, an integral component of a city’s larger sustainability efforts.
it was a time when we slept outside .
in 741 , the church was destroyed in a fire .
now he was 13 years old.
it has been estimated that most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of toll - like receptors .
moby dick was the name of a whale .
brenda sang a song.
since 2013, cuban authorities have opened hundreds of internet salons, where an hour online costs $4.50, at speeds far lower than those at kcho’s studio of around 2mbps.
start studying now , or you will regret it later .
none of the people interviewed for the job were hired .
“it shows that any country that has had enough of the war on drugs can change the terms of its engagement with the un conventions.” however, the un’s international narcotics control board (incb), which monitors implementation of the global drug treaties, has accused bolivia of threatening the integrity of the international drug control regime.
“americans are making it clear, that they never – repeat, never – agreed to give up their constitutional liberties for the appearance of security,” wyden said.
in a 2009 poll conducted by an online restaurant guide, 72% of respondents said provenance was the most important factor in selecting dishes from a menu, followed by calorific and nutritional details.
outside the walls of rome , the powers of the consuls were far more extensive in their role as commanders - in- chief of all roman legions .
for 2007 , d'ambrosio took part in the inaugural season of the international formula master series with the cram competition team .
oh, that's where to put the detergent.
in 1934 she was found living in poverty , and a retirement fund was established for her .
roman chamomile can be be used directly on to the skin for pain and swelling and is used to treat cracked nipples .
in his introductory letter to the syllabus of errors, tempier indicates that he responded to information received from important people (magnarum et gravium personarum crebra zeloque fidei accensa insinuavit relatio).
one of the orders called for blinken to “promptly consider” whether to notify the governments of the three countries that the united states intended to suspend and terminate the safe third country deals.
she works on wall street .
she used a spoon for eating the soup .
it is difficult to know exactly when naturism began as an action group .
in ancient egyptian mythology , the deity khnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
the hikers found some money buried under a tree .
differential calculus is the study of the definition , properties , and applications of the derivative of a function .
i'm not feeling well.
in 1748, hume gave a shorter version of the argument in section iv of an enquiry concerning human understanding.
journalists sometimes expose themselves to danger , particularly when reporting in areas of armed conflict or in states that do not respect the freedom of the press .
he thought she was already home.
you don't have to wait in line.
a satellite terminal is a building detached from other airport buildings , so that aircraft can park around its entire circumference .
equality might be deemed to be desirable or undesirable.
yes, it's a sunny day.
after this , the digesta is moved to the true stomach , the abomasum .
i'm glad you called.
in the united states , about 2 % of people have hepatitis c , with 35,000 to 185,000 new cases a year .
there is very little traffic on sundays here .
young open clusters may be contained within the molecular cloud from which they formed , illuminating it to create an h ii region .
that clock is five minutes fast .
however, for many theorists, like cockburn, this sensory information is not definitive – but is seen as an aid to moralizing that can, and should, be corrected by reason.
haftar was once a general in the libyan army under dictator moammar gadhafi but had a falling out with him and immigrated to the united states, where he lived for almost 20 years.
i want to get involved but there are so many clubs to choose from .
in july 2003 , ipass successfully issued its ipo , raising over $ 100 million .
he refrained from telling her how to do her job because he knew it would cause conflict .
i don't know it.
he was a mess the last time i saw him.
it flew through the air at 500 miles per hour.
the majority of alawites believe their physical survival is at stake, because they are convinced al-assad's demise will engender wide-scale revenge killings on them.
i have to get in line now.
he gave anthony money to buy a book.
linda mcavan, labour mep for yorkshire and the humber and spokesperson on tobacco issues for the parliament’s socialists & democrats group, said: “we know that it is children, not adults, who start smoking.
polonium is highly unstable , radioactive and toxic .
by the 7th millennium bc , more developed settlements may be found in the area .
we're not all that bad.
he is playing video games.
they cooked for two minutes.
death masks were used by scientists from the late 18th century onwards to record differences in human physiognomy .
the campaign has a facebook page and is supported by groups including greenpeace, the world wide fund for nature and the spanish branch of conservation network birdlife.
he went to jail because he was drunk.
radical feminism was the most indigenous of the feminist philosophies, developing its own political vocabulary with its roots in the deep criticisms of patriarchy that feminist consciousness had produced in its first and second waves.
﻿police and intelligence agencies around the world have, for almost 100 years, relied on lie detectors to help convict criminals or unearth spies and traitors.
if i had known how she felt , i would have talked with her a long time ago .
the thou is used in engineering and manufacturing mostly .
that's fair enough.
other forms of pah are far more common .
barcelona is one of the most important tourist destinations in europe , with millions of people visiting every year .
more than 470 species of birds have been identified in the park , many of which are migrants , with almost 60 species being raptors .
please remember to bring some money .
each such action is wrong overall, despite any redeeming features it may have.
in 1997 , about 8 % of all soybeans cultivated for the commercial market in the united states were genetically modified .
in the game you have option of playing as selected celebrities and professionals from the show .
how was the vase broken if no one was at home ?
shortage of rain during the highly variable monsoon season can cause droughts in u. p. leading to several deaths and loss of property .
onions have a strong smell .
can't we go a little early today?
“oil companies, for the first time in a long time, are likely to make a big comeback,” he said.
more than 5,000 households have signed up so far and there are plans to extend the initiative to other cities throughout nigeria.
the sun started to rise and the animals began to move around .
the most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator .
because it is complicated , i 'll be happy to help you through the new registration process .
many sans-serif typefaces use plainer oblique designs instead of italic ones .
the hard palate is formed before birth .
an artist who operates a printing press to execute their own works of printing press such as , hand in limited runs .
similarities in his musical style with the earlier works of mozart have often been noted .
web browsers and web proxy servers use caches to store previous responses from web servers , such as web pages .
she was sick for about a month.
he next went down to the first-floor cafeteria , in which about a hundred people were gathered .
then she called the police.
the bombard was manufactured from longitudinal bars of iron , hooped with rings fused into one mass .
for transportation to centers , some shelters offer free transportation .
this year, apparently in retaliation for the killing of osama bin laden, lej gunned down several hazara in quetta, capital of balochistan province and also home to the afghan taliban's political leadership.
spain is expelling the libyan ambassador to madrid and three other libyan diplomats here, the spanish foreign ministry said in a statement thursday.
there are three categories of education and training that an mb will undergo .
as of april 2018 , there are four living former second ladies .
each hand contains five fingers, or small appendages used to grip objects.
it can be made by mixing lithium oxide or lithium hydroxide and carbon dioxide .
she withdrew from active management of the agency in the mid-1990s due to complications of diabetes .
spiekeroog covers an area of 18.25 km , the shortest distance to the mainland is 5.7 km .
in addition , there was the matter of the ruhr .
customers can delay one payment without a penalty.
at the 2001 census , the population of the civil parish was 20,309 .
both sides claimed victory after the battle .
the policeman looked at brent.
soon after, the 42-year-old was charged $40 in penalties and her credit score dropped 10 points to 650, a reading generally classified as ‘fair’.
however , it is an extremely persistent organic pollutant ; it does not degrade easily .
the red light was on top of a police car.
young children are very fond of coloring pictures with crayons in coloring books .
strategic bombing was an idea first tried in world war i .
these animals are symbolic of difficult questions about how we should use the land.” according to the researchers, this “land-sharing” approach could be applied elsewhere in the world.
one terrible injury, a stab through the right buttock and into his pelvis, was certainly after death and could not have happened when his lower body was protected by armour.
he said she should eat less.
what we really need to do is to figure out the priorities first .
sand flies are small ; a body size of about 3 mm in length is typical .
use fictionalism is arguably by far the more common doctrine.
then why are your marks in science so low ?
the agenda for the summit included some issues which remained unresolved from previous summits .
'” this came after two parents claimed yoga in schools promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity.
historical case studies were important for philosophers who started to study scientific discovery (hanson 1958; nickles 1980).
the tombstones usually have some inscriptions .
animals usually clean their fur , feathers or other skin coverings .
she dropped the napkin on the floor .
although most vertical - lift bridges use towers , each with counterweights .
the most basic form of rounding is to replace an arbitrary number by an integer .
then she will be 100.
the contemporary moral philosopher thomas scanlon holds that all people everywhere equally have the moral right to be treated according to the outcome of a procedure: what constitutes morally right and wrong action is set by the principles that no one could reasonably reject (scanlon 1998).
most chemical databases store information on stable molecules .
they feed on insects and fruit .
this legislation is an unprecedented requirement for groups to publicly disclose their donors, stripping a protection recognized and solidified by the courts, said mcconnell, who has advocated for more disclosure in the past so long as it applies to all big players in campaign financing, such as labor unions and trial lawyers.
she sees a lion.
the penalty for high treason is life imprisonment .
an example of an electrocyclic reaction is the conrotatory thermal ring-opening of benzocyclobutane .
a three - point stance clothesline is where a wrestler lines up in a three - point stance , charges at the opponent and clotheslines them .
in the 1980s political theorists began to turn their focus from the state to this intermediate realm, which suddenly took center stage in eastern europe in organizations that challenged the power of the state and ultimately led to the downfall of communist regimes.
the mathematical formulations of quantum mechanics are abstract .
fossils at riversleigh are found in limestone by lime- rich freshwater pools , and in caves , when the ecosystem was evolving from rich rainforest to semiarid grassland community .
“menu descriptions were created to meet consumers’ preference for brand products, and, when they couldn’t obtain the ingredients stated on the menu, hotels just used food from different places of origin,” hiroshi tomozawa, a hotel and restaurant consultant, told kyodo news.
he would buy a new pillow.
although members of the order sparassodonta showed many similarities with placental carnivores , they were not closely related and are a very good example of convergent evolution .
zinc sulfate can be used to supplement zinc in the brewing process .
tectonic earthquakes from the volcano had been detected since early august 2017 , and volcanic activity intensified for several weeks before decreasing significantly in late october .
i do not always listen to music .
he saw a small lump.
he may want to bring his little sister .
he 's got a bad temper .
prokaryotes include bacteria and archaea , two of the three domains of life .
with these functions , one can answer virtually all questions about arbitrary triangles by using the law of sines and the law of cosines .
how did you get hurt ?
during the war , the town was completely destroyed and the land was made uninhabitable to such an extent that a decision was made not to rebuild it .
they get three hot meals.
there was a wind howling all through the night and the next day .
in november 2017 , another ballot issue was voted on whether to un-incorporate the city .
if it were me , i 'd join .
while much remains controversial, it is helpful to think of drives as dispositions toward general patterns of activity; they aim at activity of the relevant sort (e.g., an eating drive, a drive for power), and they also represent some more specific object or occasion of the activity in a particular case (e.g., this ice cream, or overcoming a particular problem in the course of writing a paper).
additionally, the bill allows the nsa to continue surveillance begun on foreigners outside the us if they enter the country 'for a transitory period not to exceed 72 hours'.
as foot puts it, the fetus is not in jeopardy because it is in its mother’s womb; it is merely dependent on her in the way children are dependent on their parents for food.
the rabi crops are sown around mid-november , after the monsoon rains are over , and harvesting begins in april / may .
there are a lot of quokkas living on the small offshore islands , because this is only a small area they are listed as vulnerable .
a president erdogan would n't face these obstacles: his party controls the parliament and the military has been tamed through eu-backed reforms and two highly politicized court cases.
u.s. treasury prices were mostly lower.
the government 's main concern has been to bolster the economy .
angel food cake requires egg whites whipped until they are stiff .
he was a candidate for president of ireland in the october 2011 election .
we should ask amanda how to start a volunteer project .
the raindrops battered my umbrella .
in an effort to try to ease tensions, libya's electoral commission announced early elections will be held on june 25.
he told us what he had seen .
when war broke out again in 1282 , it was entirely different .
second, the definition requires the causally dependent events to be distinct from each other.
how about hide and seek?
she listened to him talk.
they said it, not me.
until recently , women were not allowed to vote in that country .
who wants to lead the way ?
in most developed countries , the law requires that ingredients be listed according to their relative weight in the product .
she got mad at me and then proceeded to slap me.
the quasar 's redshift indicates that it is located about 8 billion light years from earth , while the lensing galaxy is at a distance of 400 million light years .
at first , historical linguistics served as the cornerstone of comparative linguistics primarily as a tool for linguistic reconstruction .
my computer is not letting me run javascript.
1989; kitcher 1993; pera 1994; chang 2004; maxwell 2017).
religious tensions remained strong throughout the second half of the 16th century .
cogeneration is a thermodynamically efficient use of fuel .
carl brought a big melon as a gift .
but, under the rules of the superior court of california, this complaint should be dismissed.
these are forest birds that tend to feed on insects at or near the ground .
even nigeria, with its oil wealth, spends only $650 per capita,” shepherd said.
in tetrapods , claws are made of keratin and consist of two layers .
we qualified for the bridge tournament .
she sees an elephant.
it was a good book.
the design claim can be challenged as an argument from analogy .
the first electronic version of the dictionary was made available in 1988 .
the food of cambodia includes tropical fruits , rice , noodles and various soups .
if we could save all six, we would surely do so.
signature: samia khan date: 28/02/2019 your checklist – have you got everything you need?
we like going on field trips.
it'll take one minute.
she smelled like peaches .
i'll close my eyes and count to 10.
he was in class.
she wanted to learn.
the final was held on 24 may 2008 and was won by russia .
i can check out more than one?
olfactory hallucinations can be caused by common medical conditions such as nasal infections , nasal polyps , or dental problems .
later, a donation from a rich ophthalmologist enabled the project to take off.
lateral undulation is a snake 's only way of moving in water , and the most common way of moving altogether .
that child has a puppy .
the adversarial system is the two - part system under which criminal law courts operate .
tal played in a total of six candidates ' tournaments and match cycles , though he never again earned the right to play for the world title .
“for years, there has been a very stubborn resistance by the over-65s to accessing the internet,” said james thickett, research director at ofcom.
he picked up a hand mirror.
he concludes: “the principle is simple, and unaltered by technology, science or magic: if we want to enjoy the work that someone does, we should pay for it.” pullman is writing in the next issue of the campaign group’s magazine in a dialogue with cathy casserly, chief executive of creative commons, which offers open content licences “that lets creators take copyright into their own hands”.
the class was gradually taken of service from the early 1980s .
“the bolivian move is inspirational and groundbreaking,” said danny kushlick, head of external affairs at the transform drug policy foundation, which promotes drug liberalization.
according to marcuse, hegel, and marx, human beings develop through a self-formative process wherein the external world (nature) is appropriated and transformed according to human needs.
fossil water aquifers can also be artesian if they are under sufficient pressure from the surrounding rocks , similarly to how many newly tapped oil wells are pressurized .
from the perspective of the anti-nuclear movement , most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s .
as human rights advocates around the world celebrate the 64th anniversary of the universal declaration of human rights this week, their counterparts in the united states are mourning the senate's rejection last week of the international convention for disability rights.
he also showed that the continuum hypothesis cannot be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , if those axioms are consistent .
and, experts say, young greeks marginalized by record rates of unemployment – at 64% greece has the highest youth unemployment in the eu – are leading the way.
economists were unperturbed by a separate report on thursday from the labor department showing worker productivity dropped at a 4.8% annualized rate in the fourth quarter.
a week after impact , food is in very short supply across the entire planet .
were climate change making the planet colder rather than hotter, we could add ice to the list – for nothing obliterates a city like a billion-tonne glacier grinding its way down a valley.
money can make people happy.
she spent a week in the hospital.
ryman died on february 8 , 2019 in new york city at the age of 88 .
the city hall has a total area of 19,380 m2 including the basement .
adults in the uk now eat an average of 75g of pizza every week compared with none in 1974, while the consumption of pasta has almost tripled over the same period.
the provinces are grouped into 17 regions based on geographical , cultural , and ethnological characteristics .
the discovery of the h5 histone appears to date back to 1970's .
the baby birds sat in the nest.
skiing , snowboarding and mountaineering are among the most popular sports in switzerland .
many machine learning tasks such as object detection [1], [2], machine translation [3], [4], and speech recognition [5], which once heavily relied on handcrafted feature engineering to extract informative feature sets, has recently been revolutionized by various end-to-end deep learning paradigms, e.g., convolutional neural networks (cnns) [6], recurrent neural networks (rnns) [7], and autoencoders [8].
[7] in this respect he belongs to that long line of critics of philosophy that range from ancients to moderns and comic poets to religious thinkers—from aristophanes to lucian, to rabelais, from tatian, to tertullian to luther, and pascal to marx and nietzsche.
as of 2017 , the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies , and appeared on numerous childrens ' best-seller lists .
cadmium sulfate is used widely for the electroplating of cadmium in electronic circuits .
the family is native to australia , and contains 16 species in four genera .
recent editions have focused on record feats by human competitors .
companies redefine pipeline every day -- particularly when profits are involved.
"i will not kill you," sherry said.
dr christopher mason, a geneticist at weill cornell medical college, led a team that, for 18 months, swabbed the new york city subway system for the microscopic life forms that cover its turnstiles, seats, ticket booths and stations.
up - and-over or overhead doors are often used in garages .
sleep disturbances such as insomnia and sleep apnea are risk factors for depression and suicide .
the nurse brought me more painkillers .
the following is a list of active , unofficial codes that emulate the iso 4217 format .
the videos, posted to the internet between july 22 and 26, show government soldiers being ordered to lie on the ground, bodies being collected by doctors, corpses strewn along a wall and bodies in khan al-assal bearing gunshot wounds to the head.
one way to think about mental health is by looking at how effectively and successfully a person functions .
can anyone lend me a pencil ?
pesticides are used to kill pests , but many are bad for human health .
during the depression , many people were willing to work almost any job in order to earn money .
some might count all and only human beings as entitled to equality of status.
chasms and gorges form a network that dissects the rocky platforms on the plateau .
after 1998 , weight - control problems and injuries began to take a toll on reeves , and his numbers fell off dramatically .
for current readers there are indeed several obstacles to approaching anderson’s work.
some populations of mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians have suffered even bigger losses, with freshwater species declining by 76% over the same period.
departures time flight destination gate remarks 10:45 xz 3265 chennai 17 departed 10:50 sq 0972 amsterdam 23 departed 11:00 sq 2509 mexico city 19 departed 11:05 rt 9122 buenos aires 34 cancelled 11:10 xz 6005 los angeles 05 final call 11:20 qe 0078 beijing 33 final call 11:25 ty 2053 christchurch 56 delayed 11:25 er 7452 seoul 25 boarding 11:30 xz 0352 moscow 12 boarding 11:35 xz 0569 kuala lumpur 27 gate change
the symptoms of cjd are caused by the progressive death of the brain 's nerve cells , which is associated with the build - up of abnormal prion protein molecules forming amyloids .
politicians have always used language , as in speeches or campaign advertisements .
protests in karachi against the creation of sharia courts in swat valley.
when he pulled the nail out, a hole was in the wall.
although i saved a lot of money , i could n't buy one .
you are as beautiful as ever to me .
they fill up hundreds of trash bags.
gifted and talented education dates back thousands of years .
just as marxist theory sought out a universal subject in the person of the worker, feminists theorists sought it out in a shared and common condition that afflicted women across cultures.
historically oriented philosophers have shown how instruments and measurements have promoted the progress of physics and chemistry (chang 2004).
the man wrote down matt's name.
yellow discoloration of the skin and the whites of the eyes happens in all types of jaundice .
not all problematic relations between relevant entities involve alienation.
many species of large predatory fish also school , including many highly migratory fish , such as tuna and some oceangoing sharks .
the master has featured in spin-offs of the series , which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity .
at home, the emerging doctrine of thatcherism meant denationalization of state-owned industry – the new word “privatization” came into widespread use in many countries – and defeat of militant trade unionists, notably the national union of miners, whose year-long strike (1984 – 85) was bitter and traumatic.
the rare- earth elements are often found together .
in the interwar years urban london further expanded , with the expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries outside inner london .
just five months before meeting darwin, herschel had finished reading the 2nd edition of lyell’s principles.
this school has many hard -working teachers .
thus edited, the poem conveyed the idea that the pagan gods are man writ large, and are therefore to be praised, since they reveal what is most noble in the human being.
black powder rocket motors are only produced in small sizes , to reduce the risk of explosion and a loss of efficiency .
the ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least five dromaeosaurid species .
if he tried to run to the train , he would often get caught in the doors .
scrs are mainly used in devices for the control of high power , perhaps with high voltage .
minerals are naturally occurring solids formed through various geological processes under high pressures .
my husband 's brother is my brother - in- law .
rivette died at his home in paris , france from complications of alzheimer 's disease on 29 january 2016 at the age of 87 .
i wanted to see if you were down to kick it.
look at that guy, donald.
shammi died in her sleep on the march 6 , 2018 , from natural causes at the age of 88 .
vadnais died of cancer on august 31 , 2014 at the age of 68 .
the following tables summarize the usage share of all browsers for the indicated months .
i got my cat a collar with bells .
what is library, ms. thomas?
a warm - water port is one where the water does not freeze in wintertime .
the name comes from the source of the original recipe 's main ingredients .
i love french wines .
many consumers are concerned about possible health effects of sugar substitutes and caffeine overuse .
the issue of the permissibility of euthanasia for foot, then, turns to issues about justice and charity (vv 44).
she loved him.
she faces charges of illegally importing six walkie-talkies and is being held in police detention for investigation until feb. 15.
the first paper issues of the australian dollar were issued in 1966 .
the guests did n't know where to sit .
in 2020 it accounted for close to 40% of core revenue.
after the meetings , the councilors always take lunch together .
it was a beautiful multi-colored cloak .
it's so nice of you to say.
it is important to keep children with croup as calm as possible .
because of the lack of predators even the bats spend most of their time on the ground .
“you’d be better off addressing the underlying causes of being lonely first – what’s stopping you going out and seeing people?” asks challis.
there is a direct link between what you eat and how you feel .
the frenzy began when the hankyu-hanshin hotel chain, based in osaka, admitted it had given false descriptions of dozens of menu items at some of its restaurants between 2006 and october 2013, affecting an estimated 78,000 diners.
the effectiveness of the measure has been questioned , since the video is not available only on youtube , but rather has become an internet phenomenon .
elections were held to the new authorities on three different thursdays in 1973 .
i’m having a wonderful time in france.
in countries where the weather is cold , underwear is one more layer of clothing that helps the wearer to keep warm .
he kicked the ball.
“but you also need the ability to relate to every genre of products and to every viewer.” typical salary: a trainee presenter would start on a minimum of £30,000, while an experienced presenter can expect over £55,000.
she sat at the table in front of ours .
china was far away.
his teacher thanked him.
polymers are high molecular mass compounds formed by polymerization of monomers .
california, meanwhile, is prohibiting any state or local government office from requiring that employers use e-verify, unless it is required by federal law as a condition of receiving federal funds.
and if you can go even further and send it back to the private sector, that's even better.
i agree with webber that there is a core of philosophical (categorial) content to existential thought that can be understood independently of the sort of religious “rhetoric” (khawaja 2016: 16) characteristic of many of the classics of existentialism.
i eat lunch.
what if someone is on first base?
what's the purpose of this meeting exactly?
the flyweight division was the last of boxing 's eight traditional weight classes .
(a369) transcendental realism, according to this passage, is the view that objects in space and time exist independently of our experience of them, while transcendental idealism denies this.
the movie has eight of the 24 tales .
ordinary closure is called finite closure .
lewis famously espouses realism about possible worlds, according to which non-actual possible worlds are real concrete entities on a par with the actual world (lewis 1986e).
i knew he could graduate from high school .
lamorak was known for his strength and fiery temper , and fought off thirty knights on at least two occasions .
we teach kids how to swim.
assessments of job satisfaction became commonplace in the 1930s .
most of the time i think we’d be very thankful not to be in someone else’s head.”
there are several types of vaccines in use .
we disclose user data to government in accordance with the law and we review all such requests carefully.
compared to a robust growth of 7.8 percent a year earlier, the economy grew by 1.1 percent for the whole of 2008, the ministry added.
in retaliation, the taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks and began gaining ground, setting up checkpoints in the area.
the western grey kangaroo is one of the largest macropods in australia .
it was a magazine for little girls.
jason looked at his watch.
sailing , fishing , and equestrian sports are popular with both residents and visitors alike .
human impacts during the 19th and 20th century have been significant .
thanks very much for your help.
his coworkers were very frustrated with him because he turned up late to the meeting .
i wish i could be your friend .
these immense gatherings fuel the ocean food web .
he was as sad as i was .
incorporation of ozone in dental clinic set-ups would eradicate the feeling of pain during dental treatment and also cut off the treatment time, significantly.
in early 1972 , the commercial video recording industry in japan took a financial hit .
guerra died from cardiac arrest on 11 may 2018 at the age of 52 .
the names of these front groups contain words like freedomand prosperity.but make no mistake: there is nothing free about an election purchased by a handful of billionaires for their own self-interest.
the temperature is really mild this morning .
how about books?
a foreign minister 's powers vary in different governments .
hamilton et al.
the police turn on their sirens.
you may bring up to three guests to the event .
homosociality is a term sometimes used in discussions of the all-male world of knightly life in medieval culture .
the first recorded outbreak of chikungunya may have been in 1779 .
take this oar and row.
usually , the female builds the nest , and the male helps her .
the allegations were that “some scholars of arts at paris” (nonnulli parisius studentes in artibus) had been transgressing the limits of their own faculty (proprie facultatis limites excedentes).
it was full of pictures of pets.
these mountains are a popular tourist destination .
the names of oblasts did not usually correspond to the names of the historical regions , as they were created as purely administrative units .
the second, symbolic difference feminism, is that of what are often referred to as the french feminists, including irigaray, cixous, and kristeva.
classical empiricists (francis bacon) and rationalists (rené descartes) of the seventeenth century urged that the use of proper methods of inquiry guarantees the discovery and justification of new truths.
her heart was broken .
don't forget to add fabric softener after the first rinse.
then the pilot and copilot woke up.
the bombers -- wearing burkas -- killed 42 people belonging to tribes that opposed the pakistan taliban, also known for its antipathy toward shia.
when part of a monastery , the chapter house is generally located on the eastern wing of the cloister , which is next to the church .
jewelry can be made from any material .
north american births typically involve a variety of technological interventions, regularly including labor-inducing drugs, spinal epidurals, fetal monitoring, and—in roughly one third of births—surgical delivery.
watch arpaio explain his methods but arpaio's critics are n't amused.
by contrast , some missing person cases remain unresolved for many years .
critics have objected to the use of genetic engineering on several grounds , including ethical , ecological and economic concerns .
could anyone send me directions to the dinner party ?
the lights went off.
claims remain above their 665,000 peak during the 2007-2009 great recession, but well below the record 6.867 million last march when the pandemic hit the united states.
the central theme of hydrology is that water circulates throughout the earth through different pathways and at different rates .
a monkey got loose in a train station .
the city government consists of a part-time mayor elected at-large and a five-member part-time city council elected from districts .
the award consists of 100,000 taka , an 18 carat gold medal weighing 3 tolas .
bland was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer in november 2016 .
yet for decades, we 've had a political debate about opposite-gender vs. same-gender marriages that has created a constant undercurrent of unrest.
some moths are farmed .
one of them is the systematic study of inter-theory relations, such as reduction (balzer et al.
i'm going to be the main character!
about 150,000 people live in the drainage area of this river .
it was there that he crashed his bike .
intrigued visitors continue to be drawn by the treasures that survive from the city's medieval golden age as an important academic, religious and mercantile center -- its great earthen mosques, and hundreds of thousands of scholarly manuscripts held in public and private collections.
the climate in this area is characterized by hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters .
he was part of the american basketball team , which won the gold medal .
the earliest man-made composite materials were straw and mud combined to form bricks for building construction .
late fees vary by state in line with regulation, up to a maximum of $21 and the company is rolling out a 25% cap.
we rushed to the place where we last saw her .
students can also choose to attend a community college prior to further study at another college or university .
he had a good job.
the prosecutor will have to decide the targets for any criminal proceedings and the complaint cites “persons unknown”.
gas chambers have been used for capital punishment in the united states to execute death row inmates .
they watched the sea gulls.
that is something worth working on.” 5.
stock markets in japan, china, hong kong and south korea initially reflected relief after the republicans finally capitulated in their failed attempt to undermine obama’s healthcare reforms.
the eggs are usually deposited on the leaves of trees or shrubs hanging over the running water of mountain streams , creeks , and small rivers .
it was from that point that our group realized that it would be impossible to finish by the deadline .
but in the disorder following the coup, the rebels seized large areas of the north.
it depends on when you go.
if you are happy that it is raining, you can grasp your happiness in inner perception, but not by means of a separate mental content.
it is sometimes said that the mind-body problem is not an ancient philosophical worry (see matson 1966), but it does seem that the problem of consciousness was vexing philosophers 2500 years ago, and in a form redolent of contemporary worries.
prisoners used to sleep on a cold floor.
the idiom is not uniquely english .
if the initial surge of enthusiasm for bond movies lasted through the 60s and into the 1970s, it’s fair to say that the series almost ground to a halt after licence to kill’s poor figures.
he wore gloves.
if we take another sample of 25 cups , we could easily expect to find values like 250.4 or 251.1 grams .
nevertheless, insurance affords the prospect for societies to substitute risk with known rate.
have you just arrived ?
upon reading the herschel quotation in babbage, darwin wrote in his private ‘species’ notebooks: babbage 2d edit, p. 226.—herschel calls the appearance of new species.
how would you like me to frame this photo ?
it is important to distinguish between sex-linked characters , which are controlled by genes on sex chromosomes , and two other categories .
lithium oxide is very corrosive .
i did n't tell her to go .
alligator meat tastes like chicken .
in the 1980s, it was routine to save documents on floppy disks, upload jet set willy from cassette to the zx spectrum, slaughter aliens with a quickfire ii joystick and have atari games cartridges in the attic.
there are three generalized categories in which amnesia could be acquired by a person .
the mortality rate of chikungunya is slightly less than 1 in 1000 .
there are five subspecies of the short- beaked echidna .
there was a little mirror in the purse.
the injured people were rushed to hospital .
she also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap smart's cousin a month after smart was kidnapped.
pusheen is an example of the popularity of cats on the internet .
in may 2015, schools were directed to make sure students attended yoga events timed to coincide with the big demonstration in delhi, even though it is being held on a sunday.
like several other arctiidae larvae , cinnabar caterpillars can turn cannibalistic .
the research paper was written by dr sophie van der zee of cambridge university, professor ronald poppe of utrecht university, professor paul taylor of lancaster university and anderson.
if the coalition now building against it can split isissyrian and iraqi possessions and prize cities like mosul from its grasp, the momentum crucial to its success and appeal will be lost.
archeological evidence suggests a history of settlement in the area since roughly 2000 bc .
to convert a number from hexadecimal to decimal , there are two common ways .
he could do anything he wanted to do.
chaplin has appeared in a wide variety of critically recognized spanish and french films .
on the tour , we saw the room where hemingway wrote his most famous novel .
he had bought his house 30 years ago.
she put on her raincoat.
both of you are late .
[1] infinitesimal calculus was developed independently in the late 17th century by isaac newton and gottfried wilhelm leibniz.
but, the extent of a change in tastes over the generations has been captured in a dataset published recently in the national food survey, which was set up in 1940 by the government after concerns about health and access to food.
“it is great to see the upward trend continuing but britain is completely anomalous – we’ve lost more of our large mammals than any country except for ireland,” he said.
germans started arriving in 1828 .
“these objections are legally questionable,” she said.
much of what we know about human history comes from archaeology .
perception is one of the oldest fields of scientific psychology , and there are many theories about how it works .
to understand drug use by teenagers, we must acknowledge that they have grown up with drugs everywhere.
in the presidential race, romney won only one of the swing states, north carolina, while obama held new hampshire, virginia, ohio, wisconsin, nevada, iowa and colorado.
from 1990 , the banks of the wear were regenerated with the creation of housing , retail parks and business centers on former shipbuilding sites .
prior to the fall of the berlin wall and the end of the cold war, political philosophy was usually divided into categories such as liberal, conservative, socialist, and marxist.
a cache is a block of memory for storing data which is likely used again .
it also was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and those wishing to visit the ancient buddhist ruins in the area.
the median income for a household in the city was $ 39,375 , and the median income for a family was $ 48,250 .
the city government consists of mayor who is elected at large and five member city council who are each elected from a district .
because the bridge was not expected to have large amounts of traffic , the bridge was designed with only two lanes .
the plant is semi-aquatic and grows mostly on rocky places at the banks of rivers or in the riverbed .
all nine of the grenfell brothers were accomplished polo players .
the gulf receives the runoff from the watersheds of 12 rivers .
miss, you have been using the computer for over an hour now.
this moral and aesthetic subjectivism attracts hume for the same reason that it attracts hutcheson.
a train may occasionally experience a rollback following a launch .
camus’s philosophy of the absurd explores the consequences arising from this basic paradox.
“we have to weigh and measure them, and they wriggle … a lot.
please help me to make sense of this terrible news .
pain relievers will help you to get rid of that headache .
“that makes it difficult for people with strong opinions about these programmes to fight them.
his policy was broadly progressive but had little to do with socialism as traditionally understood .
well, 8 p.m. it is.
they also make some soft drinks .
the hard palate forms before birth .
let me get you your coat .
adult neuropterans have four membranous wings , all about the same size , with many veins .
from the backyard tree?
no official biography of the current kim has been released, other than an account that says he was born in heaven.
obama said friday that nato leaders had called passage of the treaty -- which, among other things, would restart mutual nuclear inspections and limit the arsenal in the two countries -- critical to european and global security.
three russian diplomats were expelled from the u.s.
authorities said the rescue operation was completed.
the wives and the children were supposed to be seated first .
christmas day was only 24 days away.
seaweed is currently under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol .
this fact has recently led to a large influx of contributions in this direction.
the scouring action of the glaciers pulverizes minerals in the rock over which the glacier passes .
the districts were abolished per 3 october 2015 .
grosics died on 13 june 2014 after suffering from cardiac and lung problems .
dad bought me a sled so i could slide down the snowy hill .
she liked school but she disliked the bus .
the eroded sandstone formation stands about 75 ft tall and is about 300 ft in circumference .
even if huth is allowed to file these certificates, what medical professional will certify her lost memory until three years ago of an event... that she tried to profit from by selling word of it some years before that ?
there are many kinds of fruit in the world .
kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available .
then you can get on them tomorrow.
the speech lasted 40 minutes and 14 seconds and contained 5154 words .
in contrast to the forelimbs , the three - toed hindlimbs were long and thick , supporting the body in a bipedal posture .
on the streets of athens, the breeding ground of shisha, there is rising fear that austerity not only doesn’t work – it kills.
seals were used in very early civilizations .
anders sandberg, who studies the ethics of neurotechnologies at the future of humanity institute at oxford university, said the work was “very important” in helping to understand how brains encode information.
it is always interesting.
a dog might find his money and eat it.
emma sat down next to her sister .
the chloroplasts of glaucophytes are known as' muroplasts ' , ' cyanoplasts ' , or'cyanelles ' .
someone who calls himself a leader must know how to lead .
sentiment is the sole source of values governing human activity.
that's not really her fault.
in 2002 , there were nearly 1,500 pupils in the school , of whom fewer than 1,300 were at age 16 or below .
we are going to a museum, george.
please ask your father to call me .
eventually , the caldera cooled , allowing rain and snow to accumulate and form a lake .
video games may be an interesting challenge, but learning how to play them is not the end goal of drl.
the sensations themselves could not contribute to behavior without first having neural effects that are more complex than themselves.
as an example , the conversion of a diamond into graphite is a spontaneous process at room temperature and pressure .
location munich, germany french teacher wanted to teach children between the ages of 3 and 12.
and, as the british economy recovered from the severe recession that her monetarist medicine had inflicted on it – to tame the unions and cure inflation – she briefly seemed invincible.
it is possible for the frenulum of the penis to tear during sexual activity .
the group sings the theme music for the following anime .
controlled burning is practised by the national park in consultation with traditional owners who have used fire as a land management tool for thousands of years .
mazda and ford issued recalls in 2004 on models of the sport utility vehicles that had 3.0 liter six cylinder engines.
he is currently preparing for the havana biennial in may.
however, the affordable care act has led to a 12.3 % drop in the hispanic uninsured rate, making latinos the demographic with the largest gain in insurance, thanks to the law.
the next northern site has not yet been identified but, when it is selected, brindle said the company might simply send one of its hi-tech backpacks and rely on volunteers to literally put themselves on the map.
in the 1890s , a variant known as bridge whist became popular .
a number of the jelly fungi can be eaten raw ; poisonous jelly fungi are rare .
a director principally known for character studies such as american beauty and revolutionary road, mendes has taken the bond series to new heights.
introduction patients today are increasingly taking more responsibility for their own health care.
the cruise ships stop in hawaii .
books, computers, classes, and more.
is this the only standard deserving of knowledge-talk?
the film received negative reviews from critics .
have a nice day.
however, the president was booed at the opening ceremony for the confederations cup.
she saw an opened package of raw hamburger meat.
revenue fell from $405m to $392m.
suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators , mainly led by dave toschi , but no conclusive evidence has surfaced .
filming was scheduled to last 138 days .
some ghost towns are kept intact as tourist attractions .
most hummingbirds have bills that are long and straight or nearly so , but in some species the bill shape is adapted for specialized feeding .
can you come here?
descendants of the therapsids , the cynodonts were still flourishing along with the dinosaurs .
he looked for his cell phone.
treatment for cerebrovascular disease includes medication , lifestyle changes and surgery .
the climate of ghana is tropical and there are two main seasons : the wet season and the dry season .
the state is divided into three divisions .
he wanted to see the cows.
this is fun, dad.
who won the nba championship ?
i write for those who cannot speak for themselves .
a laboratory mouse or rat strain is a group of animals that is genetically uniform .
is the store closed ?
the four best third - placed teams from the six groups advanced to the knockout stage along with the six group winners and six runners - up .
reports differed on the intensity of the quake, centered in a remote mountainous area of nagano prefecture.
there is a terminological and conceptual question of distinguishing nationalism from patriotism.
the first mention of the possibility of an evolutionary solution to this problem is in his ornithological notebooks, in a note written shortly after departing cape town.
or that another gop candidate for president, sen. ted cruz of texas is entirely comfortable with his image as a conservative firebrand.
in sweden , the phenomenon was booming by the mid and late 1980s .
i wish i had earned my phd before i turned 40 .
the militants wanted sharia law -- or islamic law -- imposed in the region.
some pop singers have no talent .
what do you have for lunch, david?
the breed eventually became popular in other european countries as well .
he won't be able to drive his car.
the average age of earth 's continental crust is about 2.0 billion years .
he was our only child before the twins came along .
four out of five young voters, of all faiths and political parties, support marriage equality, and even those who continue to oppose marriage rights for same-sex couples can see that it is inevitable.
grocery stores typically stock more vegetables than fruit at any given time, as vegetables remain fresh longer than fruits do, generally speaking.
all this practice is finally paying off.
"use your head.
sustainability is not solely a matter of bringing down emissions; it is also a question of using our natural resources more intelligently and creating healthier lives for ourselves.
the verdicts are not motivated, nor does the collection provide an account of the events (narratio).
pass me that ball , would you ?
white chocolate , although similar in texture to that of milk and dark chocolate , does not contain any cocoa solids .
but, he admits, anyone who won’t change a nappy would struggle.
this situation almost happened again in 2004 .
if a person still has a pulse , ventricular tachycardia can usually be stopped through cardioversion .
plato’s republic centers on a simple question: is it always better to be just than unjust?
he rinsed it off.
for psychology is once again on the path to the fundamental problems.
alex spoke spanish, too.
this ipad is as fast as a desktop computer .
yes, i did, i'm returning your call.
i wish we could go away and not come back until the trial was over and he was put in prison .
they further argued that the adoption rate of conservation practices by farmers remains limited and still the country is losing a tremendous amount of fertile top soil, and the threat of land degradation is broadening alarmingly.
type 1 diabetes is a condition caused by a lack of insulin in the body .
it's too early to tell whether russia will ease al-assad out the way saudi arabia did in the case of yemen's abdullah saleh.
in the summer of 2014 , during a brawl in his house he took a hit to the head and had a bad fall that resulted in a coma .
there were lots of dogs barking angrily at something .
"i am like a wolf," she said.
it was a pretty black and white cat.
made of basalt , it measures 2.43 metres by 0.92 metres and is 20 centimetres thick .
many of bad religion 's songs are about what they think are social problems , but they do not blame causes of these problems to any single person or group .
flu shots cost $20 at the drugstore.
most casualties in an explosion are caused by secondary blast injuries .
romney: states should handle emergency management with then-hurricane sandy bearing down on the east coast on monday, romney's debate comments from 16 months earlier became a topic of political discussion, and the romney campaign issued a statement in response.
lichenometry is a method of dating exposed rock by using the growth of lichen .
i can't let anyone borrow my class notes.
“protesters in myanmar continue to inspire the world as actions spread throughout the country,” thomas andrews, the united nations special rapporteur on myanmar said on twitter.
he was also supposedly the world's best golfer.
the wrestler draws a hand back and hits the opponent vertically , usually hitting the top of the head .
where did you hear that from?
let's go for a drink at the bar where we went last week.
the nurse gives her a lollipop.
the speech lasted 43 minutes and 2 seconds and had 4931 words .
the weather was not hot.
he was a slow eater.
campaigners say that car makers also use tricks such as programming vehicles to go into a low emissions mode when their front wheels are spinning and their back wheels are stationary, as happens in such lab experiments.
i like to go to school.
milkweeds use three primary defenses to limit damage caused by caterpillars : hairs on the leaves , cardenolide toxins , and latex fluids .
confetti are made in a variety of colors , and commercially available confetti come in many different shapes .
caring for a beating heart cadaver is similar to caring for a living patient .
sids happens more in infants of mothers who smoke while they are pregnant .
the cause of the crash was determined to be pilot error in attempting a descent below decision height without the runway environment in sight .
oh, no wonder he or she is selling it for only $30.
cold seeps develop unique topography over time , where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs .
when the baby is latched on correctly , the nipple is located against the soft palate in the back of the baby 's mouth .
as he would say in a letter to cynthia harris: ‘not religion but language forces man to distinguish between this world and the real world, the world as we know it and the genuine, or better known world.
the tv person said it was a big storm.
you won't regret it!
it is possible to save a conversation to read later or look at again .
he started playing the piano when he was six years old.
i'm not nervous.
the microarchitecture of a digital signal processor is optimized specifically for digital signal processing applications .
since rabbits are prey animals , they are careful in open spaces .
i ca n't talk while i 'm reading .
an entity whose income exceeds its expenditure can lend or invest the excess income to help that excess income produce more income in the future .
as hormones are defined functionally , not structurally , they may have diverse chemical structures .
your mom will be fine.
some of these topics had been discussed before .
307–310), argues that hume understands beauty very much on the model of colors.
his dog ran after the ball.
the publisher seems to be really making money, considering the number of editions.
he keeps looking in my direction .
emotional memory , the memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion , is a domain that can involve both declarative and procedural memory processes .
a hydraulis is an early type of pipe organ that was powered by water .
i wish they would stop knocking on my door .
here it is, dad.
i do n't know why the school changed their curriculum so suddenly .
i need to wash another load of laundry.
cattle raising is also important with 16,375 cattle counted in the 2000 census .
in the united states and canada , digital clocks and computers commonly display 12 a. m at midnight .
the acanthocephala were thought to be a discrete phylum .
the following is a list of some notable nonfiction works discussing anarcho-capitalism .
some moths , particularly their caterpillars , can be major agricultural pests in many parts of the world .
kcho, who has close ties to the cuban government, announced that his actions had been approved by the ministry of culture.
james is so organized that he 's never handed in late homework .
because promos are released in smaller quantities than cd singles , they are sometimes considered a collectors item .
a digital seven-day diary shows live television accounts for just half of viewing for this age group, compared to nearly 70% for all adults.
prices have sure gone up over time!
but it is not for this reason any less educative.
during her tenure at burberry, the company doubled its revenues and tripled its share price.
peat swamp forests are typically surrounded by lowland rain forests on better- drained soils , and by brackish or salt - water mangrove forests near the coast .
the idiom is not unique to english .
the recurrent nature of malaria and a coincidence of malaria peak season with harvesting season accentuated the burden for the rural poor who are already dependent on subsistence farming and with limited coping options (adhanom et al., 2006; chuma et al., 2006).
these attitude types have been intensively studied in recent work (see esp.
clusters averaging 75 to 80 individuals live together in complex systems of burrows in arid african deserts .
the cuts come despite studies showing that, for every euro invested in programmes such as kethea, the state saves about €6 in costs to the criminal justice and healthcare systems.
anderson said: “our first attempt looked at the extent to which different body parts and body signals indicated deception.
to make sense of marcuse’s position we must ask: what are these intolerable conditions and how are they produced?
a secret or unlockable character may be a playable character in a video game available after finishing the game or doing certain tasks .
mars is a terrestrial planet that consists of minerals containing silicon and oxygen , metals , and other elements that typically make up rock .
“people present an idealized version of themselves online and we expect to have social lives like those portrayed in the media,” says challis.
we have not had a chance to sit and talk in a long time .
the costly foundation works caused the budget to be exceeded , and the building stopped in 1827 , only to be resumed in 1833 .
meinong thinks that all inner experiences and all parts of them are able to be apprehended through self-presentation.
cocoa farmers incur huge losses on savings and income due to the losses suffered from these hazards and uncertainties.
one place they are sometimes seen is on clock faces .
it's a beautiful morning, son.
the silver birch is a medium-sized tree , which has triangle - shaped leaves .
“the legislative process is still not complete and there will be further negotiation.
today's selection points us in a different direction.
she was divorced.
water turbines were developed in the 19th century and were widely used for industrial power prior to electrical grids .
the shield itself consists of many components .
this can never be about replacing the human being, he said in his talk, but about using technology to understand the full spectrum of being human.
a point is scored when one team catches the disc in the other team 's end zone .
nor can such an understanding be gained by supplementing our scientific picture with a moral one.
the swine farmers were happy.
this value is representative of the outermost photodesorbed ice layers and cold gas-phase chemistry, and much higher than that of bulk ice.
he himself said no, in a famous interview with jeanine delpech in les nouvelles littéraires in november of 1945, insisting that he did “not believe sufficiently in reason to believe in a system” (camus 1965, 1427).
in the 1880s , he worked as chief engineer of a railroad india .
i saved walter some cookies .
when these were plotted on a map, they revealed clusters of local businesses, which the scientists speculated surrounded the person’s home address.
it has direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 200 monuments .
there is inherent risk of infection by salmonella bacteria occasionally found in raw egg from cracked or improperly washed eggshells .
i knew they were only kidding , but it still hurt .
my students never fail the interview.
zeina, a twenty-something student, fears becoming desensitized to suffering – and perhaps to danger too.
introduction agriculture is critical to the economy of each emerging nation including ghana since it utilizes around 66% of the labour force in ghana; both formal and casual.
the following month, regius was forbidden by the university to teach natural philosophy in public or in private, and was restricted to lecturing in traditional medicine.
she did not overturn obamacare, cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin said.
did your wife come with you ?
he forgot to walk the dog last night so now there is a big mess to clean .
thomas began his career at 14 as an announcer on a local radio show .
early photographers used it in flash powder .
freud does not believe there is any supernatural force that affects the way we think or has pre-programmed us to behave in a certain way .
he considered it to be just another challenge in life and made sure he did his best to overcome it .
basic changes are simple .
is it the area where you lost it ?
she was one of the girls picked for the team .
that author 's books give many people pleasure .
i hear music but i do n't know where it 's coming from .
this subfamily is widely distributed and members are adapted to a wide variety of environments .
a modest cultural centre in the capital city, havana, has suddenly become a rare source of free wi-fi.
death from placenta previa and ectopic pregnancy), other medical interventions have become routine despite having no proven benefit and some proven added risks for patients (e.g.
in many situations , hash tables turn out to be on average more efficient than search trees or any other table lookup structure .
the opposite of multiplication is division .
however, as part of our coverage we also employ commentators who provide robust opinions that generate debate.
but, she argues, this is a problem only if existentialism is taken to be a movement.
have you ever been on a plane ?
if one opts for reductionism, it is incumbent upon one to explain how the reduction happens.
if only i had seen the light !
immigration and cuba policy aside, rubio's political philosophy will be a tough sell to hispanics.
an epigenetic contribution to heterosis has been established in plants , and it has also been reported in animals .
he lived in very violent times and these deaths would not have been pretty or quick.” it was mathew morris who first uncovered the body, in the first hour of the first day of the excavation.
a useful way to work around these gaps in knowledge is to find chronological synchronisms , which can lead to a precise date .
two ballets with such stories caused great excitement in paris in the 1830s .
the class was gradually taken out of service from the early 1980s .
the high amount of oxygen gas on earth is because of the oxygen cycle .
rainbands exist in the periphery of tropical cyclones , which point towards the cyclone 's center of low pressure .
she never takes a shower.
she is already dead.
and rhino) and over 400 species of migratory and endemic bird species.
the island has a mild climate , but is known for frequent hurricanes .
most species of the sea snakes are able to respire through the top of their skin .
instructs the server to return information about the administrator of the server specified by , or the current server if target is omitted .
from that phone to another was two hops.
"yes, i am a lazy dog," said the dog.
she dried her hands with a towel.
it's my favorite color.
nor does it convey any meaning about where sotomayor, a liberal jurist, may stand on the larger issues raised in the appeal overall.
the book has been published every year since 1868 , except between 1876 and 1885 .
a paramedic must be in fit condition, and be mentally strong to perform his or her duties in the face of danger.
the adaptation covers eight of the 24 tales and contains abundant nudity , sex and slapstick humor .
for one thing, the principles come in different versions.
you're going to want one with a lot of words and less pictures.
the smoke kept most of the mosquitoes away .
“the nsa’s invasive surveillance of americans’ private information does not respect our constitutional values and needs fundamental reform, not incidental changes.
there are no long lines.
in this way , one qrcode can deliver the same article in many languages , even when the museum is unable to make its own translations .
she asked me to stay .
her eyes were as kind as ever .
ios 7 was released on september 18 , 2013 to all ios devices .
we believe these products need to be regulated as medicines and will continue to make this point during further negotiations.
attributes 1 and 2 elicited the highest wtp and could be the most affected by the two projects.
facilities for visitors around the lake include camping areas , picnic areas , toilets and barbecues .
spring gives the new season many bright flowers .
a few species live in waters where there is very little food available .
he suddenly got angry .
by the 1960s a new international terminal was needed , and work started in late 1966 .
for over three decades , he has combined teaching with a writing profession .
herbivores are dependent on plants for food , and have evolved mechanisms to obtain this food despite the evolution of a diverse arsenal of plant defenses .
the grass near india gate will be transformed into the venue for what, it is hoped, will be the biggest single yoga session ever held, with up to 45,000 people running through a 35-minute routine.
philosopher-scientists with an interest in the history of science (william whewell, charles peirce, ernst mach, pierre duhem) gave interesting analyses of some aspects of scientific change.
she plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar , accordion , and keyboard .
he said crime was down 50 percent.
this is the worst crisis libya has known since the war.
she got tired very fast.
pincers , often red-hot , have also been used as an instrument of torture since ancient roman times or earlier .
emily sat down on the sofa.
on saturday the irish daily star published the photos, leading to the editor being suspended on monday night pending the outcome of an internal investigation.
in this way, they named the city people lived in 57% of the time, and were nearly 90% accurate in placing people within 50 miles of their home.
he said, "i'm thinking about it."
we saw all our cousins at the funeral .
he lit a match.
she got what she wanted .
my father was awarded a bronze star .
gamestop’s stock has crashed to as low as $51.09 after scaling as high as $483 last week, but is still up about 220% from levels at the start of the rally in mid-january.
i've never really got into baseball.
we have soda, juice, and bottled water.
a hall boy could rise through the ranks and , if fortunate , eventually become a valet or butler .
still, the signs of stability in other labor market measures support expectations that hiring rebounded in january after the economy shed jobs in december for the first time in eight months.
france is a secular country and the constitution guarantees freedom of religion .
as dance progressed into the 1800s , the desire grew to dance en pointe without the aid of wires .
during world war ii , the elephants at the zoo were killed in the air raids of september 7 - 8 , 1941 .
today , it is the largest public research university in bangladesh , with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800 .
al qaeda foot-soldiers -- from yemen, libya, saudi arabia and elsewhere -- are flocking to isisstandard.
this restaurant requires a coat and tie .
in the late 19th century , baseball players started to wear the soft but long-lasting leather shoes .
like sisyphus, humans cannot help but continue to ask after the meaning of life, only to see our answers tumble back down.
frequency - dependent selection occurs when the fitness of a phenotype depends on its frequency .
he would never be in a hurry.
"the early bird gets the worm."
zinc sheet metal is used to make zinc bars .
subfamily nymphicinae subfamily calyptorhynchinae : the black cockatoos
the climate of the region is subtropical monsoonal .
enlightened philosopher that he was, lessing had been walking on his head.
busoni made a considerable number of piano rolls ; a few of them have been re-recorded and released on vinyl lp and cd .
each dial had three words next to it.
she hoped it would be next year.
we have so many good things to eat for dinner .
2016), gaps in stellar streams (e.g., carlberg 2012; ngan & carlberg 2014; erkal et al.
the handicapped boys were mainstreamed into regular classes .
asian elephants are usually smaller than african elephants .
chess players classify endgames according to the type of pieces that remain .
women who behave themselves do n't make history .
epidemiology is the study of the factors that cause or encourage diseases .
there is probably titanium in your eyeglass frames .
i'm sure my english improved a lot because of all your help too!
while rejecting the very idea of a philosophical system, camus constructed his own original edifice of ideas around the key terms of absurdity and rebellion, aiming to resolve the life-or-death issues that motivated him.
his critique of political economy is an attempt to disclose the inner logic of capitalism (how it works) as well as the contradictions that will lead to the collapse of capitalism.
it was quiet.
during wars , merchant ships may be used as auxiliaries to the navies of their respective countries , and are called upon to deliver military personnel and materiel .
with their long velar filaments deployed , vampire squid have been observed drifting along in the deep , black ocean currents .
money can make people unhappy.
we'll meet later?
free vibration occurs when vibration is set off with a push and allowed to vibrate freely .
the internet will give rise to a completely new understanding of what is private and public .
in the late 1980s , digital compositing began to supplant optical effects .
i like basketball better.
in 2005 , the municipality had a total population of 15,935 .
he was too ashamed to speak .
he is so anxious all the time .
males differ from females by having the second antennae markedly enlarged , and modified into clasping organs used in mating .
in one radical demonstration of the technology, the scientists used the internet to link the brains of two rats separated by thousands of miles, with one in the researchers’ lab at duke university in durham, north carolina, and the other in natal, brazil.
other sources use minima as low as 28 kn and maxima as high as 90 kn .
the room was so quiet i could hear every sound clearly .
centrioles are typically made up of nine sets of short microtubule triplets , arranged in a cylinder .
standard separation distance is three miles, cory said, noting that an investigation is under way.
some of the world’s largest internet brands are claimed to be part of the information-sharing program since its introduction in 2007.
linspire has drawn some criticism from the linux free software community .
hence, on her view, involuntary active euthanasia can never be permissible.
i always wanted to be an athlete .
mark sits in the front seat when he drives his new car.
if you want the flu shot, pay $20.
he picked up a pencil.
for materials that can withstand heat , chemists often use high temperature methods .
he is only three years old.
the witches gather around a cauldron in a dark cave .
let's go to the playground, kimberly.
that sounds great, lisa.
none of them recognized the song playing in the restaurant .
at present , over 700 professors teach at the university .
researchers in britain and the netherlands have made a breakthrough, developing a method with a success rate in tests of over 70% that could be in use in police stations around the world within a decade.
armed with anonymous “metadata” on people’s calls and texts, but not the content of the communications, two scientists at stanford university worked out individuals’ names, where they lived and the names of their partners.
this digital data must be gathered and stored so that the physicist can later analyze the data and reconstruct the physics that occurred .
by the 6th millennium bc , there may have been a prehistoric religion or cult .
about 56 of the old world and 3 of the new world cuckoo species are brood parasites , laying their eggs in the nests of other birds .
he gave her a peach another day.
the big engine didn't leak water.
the relief decoration was removed in 1945 .
red junglefowl regularly bathe in dust to keep just the right balance in their plumage .
in the absence of international regulations , individual organizations were left to develop their own practices .
he knew which bag to buy for his older sister 's birthday .
the caste system of social insects is the division of labor between genetically identical individuals .
most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin .
the metabolic system of a particular organism determines which substances it will find nutritious and which poisonous .
the method compares words in a text to a list of words which are familiar in everyday writing .
for centuries, timbuktu has existed in the western imagination as a byword for the most exotic, far-flung place conceivable.
owing to the kuril-kamchatka trench , deep-focus seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common .
late in life he suffered from depression and madness .
public space such as parks and beaches are essential venues for many recreational activities .
it was her wheelchair.
teachers, or educational professionals tasked with helping students understand certain subjects and topics, are especially crucial today.
the claims report also showed the number of people receiving benefits after an initial week of aid dropped 193,000 to 4.592 million during the week ended jan. 23.
he died on 26 september 2017 in paris at the age of 91 .
this is a quiet pet store.
apart from tourism , agriculture is still important , particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains .
physicists are working on a number of ways to write down a theory of quantum gravity .
he told me we can row the boat.
a variety of refinements to the attack have been suggested , including using multiple linear approximations or incorporating non-linear expressions , leading to a generalized partitioning cryptanalysis .
cnn's paula hancocks contributed to this report
some specific ministries / department are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the prime minister himself .
“we are receiving requests for cooperation in joint development of autonomous electric vehicles from various companies, but they are at early stage and nothing has been decided,” the automakers said on monday, in compliance with stock market rules requiring regular updates to investors regarding market rumours.
tommy told his friends that debby still sucked her thumb.
the opera did not do well , and audiences thought that the opera did not make any sense .
they are going to the father - daughter dance .
bearded dragons do not make sounds usually , but when they are scared they might hiss like a cat .
the murids are classified in four subfamilies , and about 140 genera .
this was the first time that the federal government helped finance a structure dedicated to the performing arts .
i wanted the kids to wash the car today but i think it might rain .
many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat , have overlapping or same hunting seasons , and are hunted the same .
each programme has two teams of three people .
the moon was bright.
7 - eleven stores in japan look different from stores in other countries as they offer a wider selection of products and services .
fundamental to the discipline are the sciences of physics and mathematics as these help to obtain both a qualitative and quantitative description of how such systems will work .
one major function of chaperones is to prevent polypeptide chains and assembled subunits sticking together in clumps which do not function .
hence, as alison jaggar’s classic text, feminist politics and human nature, spelled out, each ideological approach drew feminist scholars who would both take their cue from and borrow the language of a particular ideology (jaggar 1983).
leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals .
in western culture , it is traditional for the person proposing to be down on one bent knee .
but i need it for my essay.
to the band 's surprise , the song became a hit at prom dances .
it is hard and crisp but juicy .
she only had one question for her mom.
because it breaks the skin , tattooing carries health risks .
he cut open the mattress.
by the mid 1970s the cultural image of existentialism had become a cliché, parodized in countless books and films by woody allen.
hydrogen has three naturally occurring isotopes , denoted 1h , 2h and 3h .
poodles have been used as working dogs in the military since at least the 17th century .
they said that although they have diplomatic status, they went along with sunday's news conference because the mayor asked them to.
o' connell was australia 's oldest living test captain up until his death on 28 june 2017 , at the age of 94 .
the book has also been seen as an attempt to redefine masculinity as a necessary step toward the abolition of slavery .
“otherwise, no devil would have built a city here.” located 145km inside the arctic circle, kiruna is subject to a brutal climate, enduring winters with no sunlight and average temperatures below -15c.
i'm sorry to hear that, but other people need to use the computer, too.
the channel 's format shows rolling news bulletins , updated every 15 minutes .
african trypanosomiasis symptoms occur in two stages .
he should be alright.
she turned on the tv.
anarchism thus shows up as a general critique of prevailing methods.
after world war ii many of the poorer germans were displaced to germany .
"my owner feeds me.
in drinking water , the higher the turbidity level , the higher the risk that people may develop diseases .
most of the oomycetes produce two distinct types of spores .
but google’s mission to map the world has largely steered clear of the inhospitable arctic.
then he straightened his arms again.
to conclude, we describe several current areas of research within the field.
although completing the square can be used to solve many quadratic equations , it does not work with every equation .
i will buy a small house for $200,000."
the spinoza letters is a cumbersome work, its disjointed composition indicative of the haste with which it was put together.
he has already left for his class .
in a nutshell, what marcuse sees in the 1844 manuscripts is an analysis of the social conditions for a communist revolution.
those are all the right things for the card to say.
szeged and surrounding area has been inhabited since ancient time .
“if you form connections with your team, you might be stressed but not isolated,” says rick hughes, the british association for counselling and psychotherapy’s (bacp) lead adviser for the workplace.
he will put his pillows and blankets into his car.
(on the thought that the core egalitarian ideal is treating people as equals, see dworkin 2000.)
b. f. skinner was responsible for a different type of machine which used his ideas on how learning should be directed with positive reinforcement .
israelis must serve in the military .
he studies regions of the world where islam flourishes .
one might care about human equality in many ways, for many reasons.
reynolds was a professor of english from 1894 to 1938 .
each code has of two parts , separated by a hyphen .
there is no musical introduction except drumrolls announcing the beginning of the scene .
battaglia et al.
for some species sex is not determined by inheritance , but instead by environmental factors experienced during development or later in life .
case 1000, in which netanyahu has been charged with fraud and breach of trust, centres on allegations that he and his wife wrongfully received almost 700,000 shekels worth of gifts from arnon milchan, a hollywood producer and israeli citizen, and australian billionaire businessman james packer.
on april 15 , 2013 , a fire occurred in the library .
affirm shows customers how much a loan will cost in dollar terms and does not charge late fees or compound interest.
sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world , but are most typical in the chaparral biomes .
it was ruled by a king called a bai or obai .
the group that controls timbuktu controls the symbolic capital of the entire region, because it's that well-known across the world.
in 2007, the bloomberg-appointed health board adopted a regulation that forced restaurants to all but eliminate the use of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils and spreads, the main sources of trans fats in the u.s. diet.
if you had seen me last night , you would not have believed your eyes .
south korean rocket successfully puts satellite in orbit a 2009 report by international crisis group suggests that north korea probably has somewhere between six and twelve nuclear weapons, or at least explosive devices, but notes that experts are divided on whether any of these are now usable as warheads -- small enough to be mounted on missiles and durable enough to withstand the hazards of flight.
mercury is extracted by heating cinnabar in a current of air and condensing the vapor .
skin prick test , the most efficient diagnosis , shows the reactions in a short period .
he picked up his friend in his car.
finally the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes .
this system is found in other fish as well .
maria initially fulfilled the traditional role of pioneering housewife and mother .
he takes care of his bike.
following winter, spring begins on 20 march and ends on either 20 june or 21 june, in the united states (this date may vary slightly from year to year and hemisphere to hemisphere).
the lesser black - backed gull is smaller than the european herring gull .
the dog was pleased to see his master again after a long time .
lisa does not always want to spend time with her boyfriend .
to make the diagnosis of a urinary tract infection in children , a positive urinary culture is required .
studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary , which is part of the lower jaw .
the project is more than a novelty or cultural philanthropy.
fish and amphibian eggs have only one inner membrane , the embryonic membrane .
this was done through issuing generators and energy-intensive companies with a set quota of emissions permits, requiring them to buy extra permits if they needed to emit more than their allowance.
in the united states, thanksgiving is a federal holiday (meaning all government employees and most private employees are given a day off of work), and always takes places on the fourth thursday in november, regardless of the date.
after the end of the cold war, political philosophy along with political life radically realigned.
his friends laughed.
in order to make it possible for all the form 3 students to study as form 4 in the school , the school changed the class structure .
critics complain that it is expensive to operate, pushes undocumented workers further underground, and is not always accurate.
some said the protests felt un-brazilian but liberating.
my baseball game starts at 2 p.m. today.
more generally, much of the ethics of care arose from a skepticism concerning moral principles (collins 2015).
all participants are timed or have a distance measured and this is their end result .
the thrush builds a neat mud-lined cup nest in a bush or tree and lays four or five dark -spotted blue eggs .
the dog looks guilty .
when they are ready to reproduce , the adults are released from the host , and sperm from the males penetrates the bodies of the females to achieve fertilization .
he wanted to change it.
there are many websites that have the lyrics to songs .
the theory that increasing law enforcement action would lead to a shrinking drug market has not worked, the report says.
georges head was armed with four 80 pounder cannons and two 68 pounder cannons .
"what kinds of crime?"
this award was first given for movies released in 1934 .
they used to get one cold meal.
a fully grown adult is about 1.8 m length and weighs 90 -.
some 41 % of women who gave birth before 20 were living in poverty within the first year of their child's birth, while the chances of living in poverty rose to 50 % when their child reached 3, pika said.
furthermore, a study in november 2013 suggested the “pause” may be largely an illusion resulting from the lack of temperature readings from polar regions, where warming is greatest.
masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .
in australia , stillbirth is defined as a baby born with no signs of life that weighs more than 400 grams , or more than 20 weeks in gestation .
a large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s .
much of the archipelago is a protected habitat , including both the islands and the surrounding waters .
the blast killed at least 91 people and injured 1,400 others .
after it leaves the station , the train enters the launch area .
what's a movie without popcorn?
more difficult still could be navigating the legal permissions to copy and store software before it dies.
﻿temperature rises resulting from unchecked climate change will be at the severe end of those projected, according to a new scientiﬁc study.
she was named the new athletics director .
the story and its main characters attracted little public interest when it first appeared .
dual use technology means to the possibility of military use of civilian nuclear technology for generating electricity .
today we are flying, richard.
i have been teaching here for many years .
biogeographic realms are characterized by the evolutionary history of the organisms they contain .
the health risks associated with nuclear materials have also featured prominently in australian anti-nuclear campaigns .
the women coming over today are my friends .
historically , a constable could also refer to a castellan , the officer charged with the defense of a castle .
no certain dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign .
despite a drop in extreme poverty from 1.9bn in 1990 to 1.2bn in 2010, the report says that progress in the next 15 years will be much harder.
the spot was smaller than a dime.
waiters bring menus, beverages, meals, and ultimately, the check (or a bill of the foods and drinks purchased in a transaction) to tables in restaurants and other establishments that serve food.
french is the only official language in france as whole and in these municipalities .
the first season premiered on 1 november 2015 and ended on 5 june 2016 after 62 episodes .
criticisms of anderson’s position from within mainstream english-language philosophy have always seemed to his followers to miss their mark.
armour-garb and woodbridge call their own brand of fictionalism semantic and oppose what they call pragmatic accounts.
interactive: world aids day and what it means why, then, are we shortchanging a program that enjoys broad bipartisan and popular support, has done more than any other foreign policy initiative in recent years to burnish america's image abroad, and has already altered -- though not irreversibly -- the trajectory of the hiv/aids pandemic ?
a state review board concluded monday that the animals are free of dangerously infectious or contagious diseases.
grommerch developed breast cancer in 2007 .
i'm reading a book.
thousands of tributes from around the world were posted on the internet .
the sudden bright sun in december made the ice on the pond dazzling to the eye .
﻿coal is likely to rival oil as the world’s biggest source of energy in the next five years, with potentially disastrous consequences for the climate, according to the world’s leading authority on energy economics.
the moon was as bright as a light bulb .
the second half of glycolysis is known as the 'pay - off phase ' , by the net gain of the energy - rich molecules atp and nadh .
i went upstairs while my boyfriend argued with his little brother about which team would win the world cup .
once an umpire calls four balls, then the batter goes to first base.
misiones department is relatively flat and crossed by a number of rivers and streams .
he has a little money.
the preputial glands of mice and rats are large modified sebaceous glands that produce pheromones used for territorial marking .
although the pid infection may be cured the damage from the infection may not go away .
using the residue theorem , we can evaluate closed contour integrals .
but the implications of the technology and its potential future uses are far broader, said sandberg.
the romans adopted the greek tradition , becoming the first people to write history in a non-greek language .
that's tweetable by the way.
he looked strange without his eyebrows .
she was all alone.
there were several inter-promotional matches after unforgiven .
she knows a place where we can go .
the proposal still needs approval from other commissioners and a technical committee but “we don’t expect any major internal hurdles,” a european union (eu) source added.
she looked in the newspaper every day.
world population will decline from about 2040 .
the question has its roots in medieval and early modern characterizations of divine action, and it has received renewed attention in recent decades.
environmental chemistry involves first understanding how the uncontaminated environment works , which chemicals in what concentrations are present naturally , and with what effects .
the passengers represented by ribbeck law began their court proceedings shortly after the crash, filing a petition for boeing to release evidence to the plaintiffs.
marijuana itself is the most widely consumed illegal drug -- more than 100 million americans have used it and 20 million have been arrested for it since 1965.
are you hungry?
inequality can be measured in different ways, and no measure seems to be strongly supported by common sense intuition about the meaning of equality.
after knocking on a door (houses that participate in halloween usually leave a light on), one says, "trick or treat" and a piece (or pieces!)
both of them were determined to learn a new language .
must be registered to work in the uk.
i do n't think that he will be able to make it through this winter .
during mating season , the salamanders travel upstream , where the female lays two strings of over 200 eggs each .
there is also a bus station adjacent to the high street .
northern crested newts normally live on land , but breed in ponds and pools .
his students learned from him.
it's for my psychology class.
dxm is in many over-the-counter cough suppressants, but it has been used as a recreational drug, the national conference of state legislatures says.
the city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuaries and antiquities .
the principal difference between the bjt and hbt is in the use of differing semiconductor materials for the emitter - base junction and the base-collector junction , creating a heterojunction .
silk clothes can be expensive .
according to its web site, the nonprofit group is based in santa clara, california, and was founded in 2007 as an organization dedicated to the social well-being of employment-based immigrant professionals.
it is a close relative of the mourning and eared doves , particularly the former and was at one time considered a subspecies .
on 6 and 7 september 2013 , double international games between sweden and finland were played inside .
eukaryotic cells , including human cells , have a highly evolved process of secretion .
he is credited as one of the first japanese wrestlers to gain a fan base outside of his native japan in the united states .
the test vehicle , which was used as an atmospheric drop test glider , had no propulsion system .
last year, romney argued at a republican presidential debate in new hampshire that cutting federal spending should be based on prioritizing what is absolutely necessary and shedding the rest.
i hope to learn a lot from the course and from all of you!
producing an image from a diffraction pattern requires sophisticated mathematics and often an iterative process of modeling and refinement .
we need to understand english.
some jelly fungi can be eaten raw ; poisonous jelly fungi are rare .
he was then provisionally suspended alongside the uefa president, michel platini, over an alleged £1.3m “disloyal payment” to the frenchman.
like scallops , true oysters have a central adductor muscle .
the town has four doctors and one pharmacy .
fish wake up early.
it was n't technically feasible.
the earliest settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s , and farmed the area with wheat and sheep predominantly .
hydrazoic acid is volatile and highly toxic .
they didn't talk.
in the centre of town, a shopkeeper complained sadly that his baby daughter cries at the sound of shelling.
secondary structure refers to highly regular local sub-structures on the actual polypeptide backbone chain .
some facts: women make up 6 % of chief executives at the leading 100 tech companies, and that has taken years to accomplish.
the crucial event in convincing him that this was to be his life’s work was likely a visit to cape town, south africa during the beagle’s return trip to england.
similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a breakup of a larger body .
in later years a number of books from foreign publishers have been taken by egyptian authorities .
we could go grab a drink after you get out of work.
it is where we can pick a dog.
she waved it around.
still, jean-paul sartre saw immediately that camus was undertaking important philosophical work, and in his review of the stranger in relation to sisyphus, had no trouble connecting camus with pascal, rousseau, and nietzsche (sartre 1962).
“there’s no demographic reason why we can’t have a similar return of wildlife in the uk.”
the three generations of kim men who have ruled the north are painted as supernatural to the local population.
is he okay?
lamarck died in paris in 1829 .
figuralism does not differ from object fictionalism in what it says about the example used so far.
the distinction between the two, however, is not entirely consistent in the literature.
it is hard to surf, but so much fun!
now modern cpus have multiple parallel execution units , referred to as scalar or superscalar design .
since when have you started watching the news?
before the unification of egypt , the land was settled with autonomous villages .
i do n't think that he will play in the game tomorrow .
enlightenment is mythical fear radicalized” (de 11).
the mother tried to quiet the crying boys .
when a woman experiences a painful sexual act , the pain may distract her from feeling pleasure and excitement .
a table consists of an ordered arrangement of rows and columns .
in hydrology , dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy .
yes, i do.
it had a big engine.
he is documenting his journey with photos .
it is known as a spa , specialising in mud treatment for rheumatism and similar ailments .
children love to play outdoors .
“argentina rejects the “.patagonia” request for a new generic top-level domain,” the government notes in an appeal.
she is five years old now.
the importation of slaves was made illegal in 1792 and chinese workers were brought to work in the farms .
the primary flight controls are intrinsically safe .
it was big.
at the time of foundation in 1878 the order had only one class , that of companion , with no quota imposed .
the main goal of the mission is to develop the technologies needed for interplanetary missions .
he said hello to paul, the owner.
it was also during this period that the egyptian writing system was further developed .
the 1844 manuscripts are important for marcuse because in them marx provides a philosophical foundation for his later critique of political economy as well as an action-theoretic, philosophical anthropology.
vanth was found at 0.25 arcseconds from orcus with magnitude difference of .
“i think we’ll see it happen gradually, just like dna analysis gradually replaced blood group analysis,” he said.
like most rattlesnakes they live on land , and are not good climbers .
a big question is how sustainable the profits will be as deutsche, like its competitors, experienced a trading boom amid market volatility linked to the covid-19 pandemic.
lutes are made almost entirely of wood .
there is no need to get so upset about the situation .
it is not about exercise but discovering the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and nature,” modi said at the time, adding that yoga could help in tackling climate change.
another prisoner sleeps in the middle bunk bed.
the postal worker asked.
they had seven top 40 songs between 1973 and 1976 .
nasa scientist james hansen, one of the leading voices warning of global climate change due to carbon emissions, presented an urgent case for taking action to deal with the effects of economic activity before ice caps melt and cities get inundated by dramatic rises in sea level.
several black limousines were lined up outside .
a city spokeswoman defended the ads, calling them but one part of a larger initiative that will include an interactive texting and social media campaign and a youtube video public service announcement.
a priest performs religious duties .
the four little ones left the united states on 21 june 1869 .
he painted his room blue .
the following is a partial list of notable nonfiction works discussing anarcho-capitalism .
thin slices or strips of vegetables or seafood are dipped in the batter , then briefly deep-fried in hot oil .
the project will also include 420 to 470 units of housing .
the mnla issued a statement about the violence, describing it as self-defense and resistance.
it was school metaphysics that would logically lead to spinozism, if its implications were just fully understood, not the other way around.
you aren't a monkey, are you?
western nations accuse moscow of supporting the separatist gunmen who are occupying official buildings in cities across the region.
it was the stoics who systematically developed a logic of propositions and devised subtle classifications of predicates.
let me know if you need any further information.
the earth 's atmospheric circulation varies from year to year , but the large-scale structure of its circulation remains fairly constant .
he put her name on the swim class list.
the cynodont therapsids flourished with the dinosaurs , but they were only shrew-sized .
when once facing with negative reactions to his open racism , he temporarily retreated .
the bridge 's movements were caused by a'positive feedback ' phenomenon .
fred's dog barked at the ball.
she grabbed her gray coat.
do you have any homework?
i got newspaper ink on my shirt .
follow me up the ladder, sarah.
im allows effective and efficient communication , allowing immediate receipt of acknowledgment or reply .
there are many exceptions to this rule .
“we are nonchalantly throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realizing it.
this is my favorite slip .
also implied, however, was a criticism of goethe.
the leg bones just showing through the soil were covered up again.
if they found out , i 'd lose my job .
because of his intolerable fiscal charges , in 1717 an open revolt developed in the duchy .
if we were willing to risk it , we could climb up on the roof to watch the moon .
he was holidaying in germany the following summer when world war i broke out .
van vollenhoven was diagnosed with a melanoma , a common type of skin cancer , in may 2017 .
the following is the modern version , adopted in 1900 , without the vivid attacks against spain .
involving secret recordings, media moguls, gifts of cigars and champagne and aides’ betrayals, the three corruption cases have all the makings of a political thriller.
the instrumentalist does not present an alternative account of what the speaker is doing.
the group had many changes .
but a car is a cold place in the winter.
a name like ‘spongebob’ is first introduced for the purposes of story telling and for making claims internal to the story; for example, the claim that spongebob lives in a pineapple under the sea.
according to the anti-nuclear movement , most of the problems with nuclear power today are much the same as in the 1970s .
it is best known for its design work for the built environment .
different attack models are used for other cryptographic systems , or more generally for all kind of security systems .
the pumpkin is native to north america .
the size of irish elk antlers is distinctive , and several theories have arisen as to their evolution .
protests that swept the country on sunday were the biggest since the “saffron revolution” led by buddhist monks in 2007 that helped prompt democratic reforms that were upended by the feb. 1 coup.
the court of public opinion will likely ignore these violations as technicalities, and continue to judge, and condemn cosby.
they are both unhappy with each other.
when they performed the task correctly, they got a drink of water.
that way, the mice learned to associate fear of the electric shock with the memory of the first chamber.
sigourney 's longitude and latitude coordinates in decimal form are 41.333244 , -92.203220 .
the highway is faster .
i drive a white nissan sentra.
white 's fiction employs humor , florid prose , shifting narrative vantage points and a stream of consciousness technique .
this gas is not probed by single-dish low-j co lines, but only by co lines with jup > 14.
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it .
operators also check clothing for foreign objects before placing them into the machine .
the demonstration of circulation varies from year to year , but the basic climatologic structure is almost constant .
people wear heavy jackets.
what could it be, he wondered.
i do n't know whether i should take care of him .
the name of the song was "row, row, row your boat."
there were many seats and many tables.
in cold clouds, an elegant solution is that this apparently missing oxygen is locked up in larger µm-sized grains that do not contribute to infrared ice absorption.
you can do homework after dinner.
jennifer pulled the trash can out to the street .
yuccas are widely grown as ornamental plants in gardens .
for better or worse, that's the way it works.
dr grant blank, a survey research fellow at the oxford internet institute, points out that social media and the internet can be a boon and a problem.
maria needs a job.
﻿the beginning of the year is probably prime-time for feeling glum about work: it’s ages until the next holiday, and it’s dark in the morning and when you get home.
she wanted to have a baby.
can you teach me?
there are many different varieties of quartz , some of which are semi-precious gemstones .
why don't you ever answer your phone?
he used his yellow pencil before lunch.
they raced their motorcycles through a dangerous intersection .
australia has periodically experienced movements seeking to end the monarchy .
this strategic concept reconfirms the commitment by nato members to defend one another against attack, and that will never change, rasmussen said in lisbon.
a double pedal is two pedal tones played at the same time .
nobody was around.
that turns out to tell truth from lies over 70% of the time and we believe it can be improved still further by combining it with optimal questioning techniques.” another advantage is that total body motion is relatively unaffected by cultural background, anxiety and cognitive load (how much you are thinking), which confound other lie-detection technologies, anderson said.
many variations of ketchup were created , but the tomato - based version did not appear until about a century later after other types .
i feel it necessary to speak up .
dan loves to travel internationally .
he placed a skillet on the stove.
as chess became more widespread in the latter half of the 19th century , the term began to be given out by organizations .
he ate the eggs with a spoon.
the idiom is based on the popular understanding of the elevated place of cows in hinduism and appears to have emerged in america in the late 19th century .
in other cultures , the name may include the place of residence , or the place of birth .
she dives into the water.
opponents of the complex say the last thing anyone needs is more housing in a country that already has a million empty homes, although the central government last week proposed a sell-off by granting non-spaniards residency permits in return for buying property worth at least €160,000.
pies made from pumpkins use pie pumpkins that are about six-to- eight inches in diameter .
the effects of this diversity movement would be felt more in the 1990s and beyond.
born on one of cuba’s outlying islands, he is known for contemporary art with rustic, seaside and patriotic themes and imagery.
procaine was first synthesized in 1905 , shortly after amylocaine .
in addition to the , the city has academies of sculpture and fine arts and a museum of statuary and antiquities , and a yearly marble technology fair .
the phone was on the table in the dining room.
water vapor emission from both young and mature disks is weak.
camelcase is used in some wiki markup languages for terms that should be automatically linked to other wiki pages .
the writing reminded me of scrolls from ancient times .
they said they would visit him in new york every weekend.
i think they 're basically the same bunch of goons and thugs they 've been for the last 50 years.
this first movement is in sonata-allegro form .
the term originally referred to portions of a log that had been split lengthwise into four or six sections .
an object that is its own closure is called closed .
it is always a cold wind.
they were so funny.
lines of h2o and its isotopologs, hdo, oh, co, and [o i], were observed with the hifi and pacs instruments, complemented by other chemically-related molecules that are probes of ultraviolet, x-ray, or grain chemistry.
third, the counterfactuals that are employed in the analysis are to be understood according to what lewis calls the standard interpretation.
what's that bell for?
he sent lyell a long letter filled with detailed constructive commentary.
there are many ways to define the size or diameter of a cluster .
regular hand washing reduces the spread of cold viruses .
i'm still training, but i can throw.
but over 30 years, we have developed a raft of tools that enable us to effectively prevent and treat hiv infection.
paralysis is most often caused by damage to the nervous system or brain , especially the spinal cord .
the earthquake startled the tourists .
he looked for a warmer jacket.
we might be able to make it on time .
typical rounding problems include : the most basic form of rounding is to replace an arbitrary number by an integer .
upon release , the song received generally positive reviews from critics .
ben started chasing the turkey .
every year there is more beach trash.
from the time the state was created until the election of 1966 , governors were elected to two -year terms .
at first , historical linguistics was comparative linguistics .
farmers in europe, israel and australia have also experimented with it.
his lectures frequently lasted for three or four hours .
for example, an egalitarian norm might be proposed as a fundamental moral principle.
the median income for a household in the city was $ 28,542 , and the median income for a family was $ 27,500 .
many of these heroes must endure life-threatening situations when responding to emergencies.
the finding required officials to lift a quarantine imposed in a move in october to delay their return.
it was on the first floor.
35k to 5mil to 300k.
frank is not an old man.
what does that mean?
all shrews are comparatively small , most no larger than a mouse .
also on monday, the mondadori-owned italian celebrity magazine chi rushed out a special edition with 26 pages devoted to the candid photos of the future queen.
the senate intelligence committee has approved a bill that would provide for increased transparency of the national security agency’s bulk collection of us phone records but allow the controversial practice to continue.
older banyan trees are characterized by aerial prop roots that mature into thick , woody trunks , which can become indistinguishable from the primary trunk with age .
we stood looking at the sky .
he died on october 2 , 2005 in new york city , u.s.
but the depth of what the families call a cover-up, in particular the deliberate police campaign to avoid its own responsibilities and falsely blame the supporters, was still startling.
in 2004 , the firm launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management , assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform .
she did not know this man.
virenque was criticized by the media and satirists for his denial in the face of increasing evidence and his pretence of having been doped without his knowledge .
logarithms have many properties .
i love this illustrator !
they're more into television.
it affects up to 80 percent of all patients who have had diabetes for 10 years or more .
you must not fall asleep .
following its discovery , mab was given the code name s / 2003 u 1 .
numbers one to six on the list are events which are of huge importance , but about which we know relatively little .
hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic , even more toxic than sodium azide .
william wasn't looking for that.
editors have so far released two platinum studio albums , and six in total , with several million combined sales .
fraud and breach of trust carry a sentence of up to three years.
logic transports us out of time and offers the mind a stable, but unreal space.
"there aren't enough visitors spending money."
pineapple would hit the spot.
during the single player 's campaign , the player controls the following characters .
several explanations exist for the original name .
or do you want to meet somewhere?
the golden necklace was eye-catching .
"i'm not coming to this art fair again," said molly.
one problem with this proposal is that love for a country is not really just love of a piece of land but normally involves attachment to the community of its inhabitants, and this introduces “nation” into the conception of patriotism.
in a register machine , programs are composed of instructions which operate on values .
walking alone at night makes me nervous .
on the absolute conception, these all mean that each and every action of breaking a promise is a wrong action, whatever else there may be to be said for it.
he really loves his bike.
she gave him money to buy a souvenir .
most socialists, however, tend to find the profit motive problematic.
he broke some bones, but other than that, he is okay.
an intensified and increased commitment and financial allocation for malaria prevention and control measures have reduced the burden of malaria mortality rate among under-five children by 29% globally within five years since 2010 (world health organization, 2016), hence a little insight into the challenges posed by malaria on cocoa farmers will help policy makers especially non-governmental organizations interested in boosting cocoa exportation among developing countries, in formulating the right policies aimed at reducing malaria incidence among cocoa farmers.
the amethyst woodstar 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
hemorrhoids are typically diagnosed by physical examination .
there are various paradoxical elements in camus’s approach to philosophy.
the meat in the dish was normally cut into medium-sized pieces and boiled with the vegetables in water .
when i look this good, i guess you're right.
he cut the paper in half.
in 2014 the population was 819 people .
the trade school was offering a barber class.
this runny nose is making me miserable .
on 25 september 2017 , he was admitted to a hospital due to liver failure .
of the 50 animals thompson released, 48 were killed by law enforcement, while two primates were killed by the other animals, zoo officials said.
the building was completed in 1941 , after the outbreak of world war ii .
adults of both sexes are medium to large chicken - like birds , stocky with round-wings .
hello, please connect me to tech support.
“they could be building on top of more roman ruins here.
sorry, my bag of chips got stuck.
it is a pretty flag.
molly and teri had not sold one painting.
its main attraction is its ecological diversity .
most oomycetes produce two types of spores .
tandem repeat describes a pattern that helps determine an individual 's inherited traits .
the region has a large area of national parks .
the canons are not supposed to be an absolute explanation of the reformed doctrine , but only explain the five points of doctrine that were being argued over .
if i were you , i would buy a lovely present for my wife .
flourens was able to show for the first time that the main parts of the brain were responsible for largely different functions .
“we don’t want our digital lives to fade away.
as health practitioners struggling with the complex task of helping these patients achieve optimum wellness, we should constantly search for the information that best answers their questions and offers solutions to their health concerns (kumar et al., 2010).
various works of fiction put forward the idea of terraforming mars to allow a wide variety of life forms , including humans , to survive unaided on mars ' surface .
the boy scouts was begun in 1910 according to some information that i read .
although the global frequency of tropical cyclones is expected to decrease or remain essentially unchanged, they may become more intense, with stronger winds and heavier rainfall.
the single most important substance deciding human skin color is the pigment melanin .
i thought the borrowing time was two weeks.
most of people possess a fear towards dentistry.
can you say no in english?
middup was encouraged to continue this police campaign of defaming liverpool supporters for supposed drunkenness and misbehaviour and “to get the message – togetherness – across to the force ”.
the movie got mixed reviews by critics .
in the united states , mitigating factors are very important in death penalty cases .
estimates of the individual 's age at death range from 7 to 11 years old .
this genere , the offspring of the contradanza , was also danced in lines or squares .
the petition was denied thursday because part of the request is being covered by the agency's newly opened investigation.
because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon , the electrons in the bond are more towards it .
the gradual loosening of the long diplomatic and trade freeze between the us and cuba is expected to bring american tech giants such as google and apple into the cuban market as soon as they are permitted.
that being said, 80 percent of all civilian deaths in afghanistan are attributed to the armed opposition; and orders from the quetta shura, as the leadership is known, are only patchily enforced by field commanders.
disulfur decafluoride is a colorless gas or liquid with a so - like odor .
in the late 19th century , westerners knew little about japan .
they included the notorious former brazilian federation chief ricardo teixeira and his successor, marco polo del nero, who has recently stepped down from the fifa executive committee.
the agency was established in 1990 with a team of six people .
on his return to rome , he was elected as military tribune , a first step in a political career .
up to 20,000 people visit the city during the summer months .
in the 18th and 19th centuries , french literature and poetry reached its best .
there are about 28 subfamilies of this species in australia .
he has to move out of his apartment.
eggs are laid singly under old leaves of a host plant and are green or grey blue .
liz got up quietly .
these somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
all white men.
despite the end of the fourth coalition , britain remained at war with france .
paul was good at making mashed potatoes .
each state 's constitution or legislature spells out what type of courts the state will have , how they will work , and how judges will be chosen .
like scallops , true oysters have a central adductor muscle , which means the shell has a characteristic central scar marking its point of attachment .
the class does not have a medusa larval stage in its development , unlike the rest of the phylum .
"i'm proud," he said.
she told what i saw as a convincing story of her experiences .
today trailways members are spread across north america .
she won the rose queen contest.
there is no effective treatment for nipah virus infection until now .
some serious nuclear accidents have occurred .
in short , a digital signal is a quantized discrete- time signal ; a discrete- time signal is a sampled analog signal .
i do n't like wearing skirts during winter .
mary said it was ok.
by the 40s ad , the political situation in britain was apparently in some chaos .
in 2011, bolivia – whose president, evo morales, is a former coca producer – formally notified the un of its withdrawal from the convention.
2005; legerstee 2005; reddy 2008).
i wish i could find that book .
agent 47 's appearance consisted of a pure black suit , black leather gloves , a white dress shirt and a red tie .
current short positions rose in 10 out of 14 canadian oil companies in the toronto energy index during the second two weeks of january, according to filings reviewed by reuters.
about ten distinct ifns have been identified in mammals ; seven of these have been described for humans .
jamie really liked felicia 's floral blouse .
upon its release in 1975 , critical response was mixed although box office was strong .
“in order to have wolves, we don’t need to remove people from the landscape,” said chapron.
characteristics of extraterrestrial skies appear to vary substantially due to a number of factors .
they were in love with each other.
the name became popular in culture .
she died of esophageal cancer in tokyo on 11 january 2014 , aged 80 .
the greek philosopher zeno considered the problem of summing an infinite series to achieve a finite result, but rejected it as an impossibility;[2] the result was zeno's paradox.
the testing was delayed because of some problems with the jt9d engines .
chocolate syrup is also used in many desserts .
have you seen my missing snake ?
megan started playing soccer during the summer break .
experts agree that economic and demographic changes, technological advances, and environmental concerns are fundamentally altering the transportation landscape.
many cars were in front of them.
cottontail rabbits show a greater resistance to myxomatosis than european rabbits .
ian was n't allowed to have snack today .
a person has chronic hepatitis c if he has been infected with the hepatitis c virus for more than six months .
fashion designers attempt to design clothes which are functional as well as attractive .
i'm in the café already so it’s fine this is not my day!
cnn first learned of the incident from an alleged passenger who said he could see a regional jet below them from his cabin window.
he needed money from the bank.
as a result, cnns can extract local meaningful features that are shared with the entire data sets for various image analysis.
these enzymes are found in bacteria and archaea and defend them against invading viruses , which are bacteriophages .
first, finish your homework.
halloween is in october .
pyxicephalidae has two subfamilies , with a total of 13 genera .
1 above, the story of his renaming his slave, reported by ammonius, on aristotle’s de interpretatione 38.17–20).
the social and economic problems created by the disaster were overwhelming .
arresting young people, moreover, often causes more damage than drug use itself.
others use the term colonialism to describe dependencies that are directly governed by a foreign nation and contrast this with imperialism, which involves indirect forms of domination.
my school friend is an army general now .
it was september.
no one had a job for her.
2018) also depend strongly on the expected abundance, spatial distribution and mass function of dm subhaloes.
research is currently underway using organometallic catalysis .
what's the problem?
each side had three overall goals in this battle .
bat : the bat used by the offense can be made out of wood or aluminum or other composite materials , such as carbon fiber .
is it for a school project?
i like this.
one of the primary industries in the town is tourism , most notably scuba diving .
there was a knock on his door.
rock crawling is about slow-speed , careful and precise driving , and high torque generated through large gear reductions in the vehicle 's drivetrain .
however , during the 20th century the river got worse .
this is a list of buildings currently under construction or proposed that are planned to reach 150 m in height .
this will allow nasa to invest the savings in deep space capabilities such as sls and orion.
it was only 2 p.m. she had time to eat.
the performers were taught exactly when to start dancing and singing within the play .
also, you should try trusting students more.
some critics reacted against the paperwork gameplay .
she is a good swimmer.
this title became the subtitle when the book was published in 1947.
to be sure, an erdogan victory would amount to no less than regime change for turkey.
they were stealing the white underwear, smuggling the underwear out of the jail, arpaio told cnn.
camel case is used in some wiki markup languages for terms that should be automatically linked to other wiki pages .
she was angry with her brother.
one reason offered in support of this view is that the former debate is hopelessly unclear, while the latter is more tractable (dummett 1978a, pp.
please can you confirm that it is £80 per night with breakfast included?
bill gates: where to put the smart money to end aids the opinions expressed are solely those of kevin robert frost and sharon stone.
hello, how are you doing?
this thesis addressed, perhaps inadvertently, one of the most contentious issues in christian philosophy and theology, viz.
on what floor will i find the pajamas ?
libya's interim parliament sunday approved a new government, led by prime minister ahmed mitig, in a controversial vote that threatens to deepen the country's political and security crisis.
occasionally in ancient times , writings were attributed to celebrated authors but were not written by them .
festival organizers are targeting the disposable bottle, one of the most conspicuous symbols of the throwaway culture, that each year leaves the 900-acre somerset site wreathed in plastic, with an estimated one million plastic bottles being used during the festival.
coins are fun to collect.
jill picked up trash for three years.
the global war on drugs has failed, a high-level commission comprised of former presidents, public intellectuals and other leaders studying drug policies concluded in a report released thursday.
the garrison consisted of infantry or cavalry auxilia , not components of roman legions .
note that unrestricted submarine warfare was resumed in february 1917 and the british began full-scale convoying in september 1917 .
i am doing well in school.
the great crested grebe has an interesting mating ritual .
the posterior lobe develops as an extension of the hypothalamus .
i'm going to name him max!
the book had lots of pictures.
she needed a job.
digital understanding peaks between 14 and 15 years of age, when the average is a dq of 113, and then drops gradually throughout adulthood, before falling rapidly in old age.
the population will decline from about the 2040th .
tonic immobility has been hypothesized to occur in humans undergoing intense trauma , including sexual assault .
its area is 2,812 km2 , of which about three quarters are considered productive .
his snowmobile fell through the ice .
wages in many industries have increased for the first time in many years .
there are three hostels for male students and two for the female students .
i am writing to confirm your appointment with our hr manager, mrs sofia aronov.
wass died on 4 january 2017 in london at the age of 93 .
felsic rocks are usually light in color and have specific gravities less than 3 .
the climate of the province is a tropical climate , hot most of the year , but it is cooler in the mountains .
most commercial fisheries do not target alaska plaice , and bycatch by commercial trawlers targeting other groundfish is the sole source of significant harvest of this species .
after world war ii , the countries in europe wanted to live peacefully together and help one another 's economies .
there was also a version played on television .
i'm ready, mom.
16 - bit applications all run in their own thread within a single preemptively multithreaded 32 - bit ntvdm process .
over the years , the novel has been subject to various interpretations , primarily focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas .
i know, but i don't have it right now.
the album has been well received by several critics .
other distances are run , particularly indoors but occasionally outdoors .
note that the description of a device as either input or output depends on how it is viewed .
radiation therapy is used on tumors because of its ability to control cell growth .
please have someone walk you back after the party .
both of these calculations can be computed efficiently using the square- and - multiply algorithm for .
unfortunately , she is a parent whose rules must be enforced through guilt and manipulation instead of reason and trust .
we saw a brown mouse run across the road .
he returned to the soaring rhetoric that was his trademark during the 2008 election but which he dispensed with in 2012.
glastonbury revellers are also being urged to travel to the site on public transport or try car-sharing with friends.
shall we include diagrams in our sociology presentation ?
my classroom number is a21.
cnn's eliott c. mclaughlin contributed to this report.
they both loved each other.
it will soon be a day or two before you 're flying off to london for your study abroad program .
they claim the term ‘analytic philosopher’ for themselves, even if some others might find the term ‘post-analytic’ more appropriate.
these plants have a simple structure , lacking an obvious stem or leaves .
following its discovery , cupid was given the designation s / 2003 u 2 .
the panel’s report sustained the allegation made in parliament that the orchestrated changing of junior officers’ statements by senior south yorkshire police officers amounted to a “black propaganda unit ”.
the provinces are grouped into seventeen regions based on geographical , cultural , and ethnological characteristics .
mcalpine died on 4 march 2018 at the age of 81 .
they got in line.
the game was the first of the smackdown vs . raw games to feature the newly revived ecw brand .
he is always asking for money to pay his bills .
it should also be set apart from self-evidence in the sense of infallibility, and from inner perception, self-observation, and higher-order thinking.
so given how gemologists use “ruby”, 15a is knowable a priori.
a number of plateaus make up a large part of the plain .
luria arrived in new york city on september 12 , 1940 and soon changed his first and middle names .
she didn't want to put on weight.
this changed how dinosaurs are depicted by both professional dinosaur illustrators , and in the public eye .
there are various factors that can make a seller more or less willing to produce and sell a good .
by the 20th century , bookbinding materials had developed a high resistance against damage by various types of book -boring insects .
if you were me , what would you choose ?
prior to 10 september 2015 , nepal was divided into five developmental regions and fourteen administrative zones .
ozone has been shown to stimulate remineralization of recent caries-affected teeth after a period of about six to eight weeks.
the sources of magnetic moments in materials can be represented by poles in analogy to electrostatics .
a player character may sometimes be based on a real person , especially in sports games that use the names and likenesses of real sports people .
she smelled her mother cooking smoked salmon .
nesomyids are small - to medium-sized rodents , with the largest being the size of a rat .
i wish i knew what to get him for his birthday this year but it seems like he already has everything he wants .
the sea contains a number of reefs , uninhabited islands and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
but he does not have enough money for rent.
arovell publishes modern literature in the german language .
that's good to know.
binary form was popular during the baroque period , often used to structure movements of keyboard sonatas .
he has done more than anyone else .
according to the 2010 census , the median income for a household in the county was $ 36,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,381 .
i'll get a net.
on the other hand, it is not permissible to withhold a live-saving drug from one to use his organs to save the lives of the five others after he dies.
call and response is common in modern western popular music .
the illegal maneuver of spitting a colored liquid into the face of an opponent in professional wrestling .
she called up the pool.
barium hydroxide is used in analytical chemistry for the titration of weak acids , particularly organic acids .
pollution from industries causes smog .
vfds are used for many things that range from small appliances to large mining motors and compressors .
they wore big shoes.
race length can be determined by a number of laps or total time , in which case the number of remaining laps is calculated as the race progresses .
this small butterfly triangle - shaped wings .
every year there is more landfill trash.
“decades ago, countries had their own kinds of communication systems.
the cost of the foundation works caused the building to cost more than expected .
the nasal cavity is divided into two segments : the respiratory segment and the olfactory segment .
[4] in mathematics education, calculus denotes courses of elementary mathematical analysis, which are mainly devoted to the study of functions and limits.
the winner will be announced by kofi annan, the awardshonorary president, in october at the opening of the finalistsexhibition of the shortlisted works at the saatchi gallery in london.
his ability as tenor let him record twelve albums of romantic songs , as well as three albums of poetry and fourteen books to tape .
have you ever seen anything like this before ?
my bike was stolen !
from its foundation , the abbey fulda and its territory was subject only to the german emperor , not to the control of the local lords .
late in the 19th century , after the invention of telephones and microphones , the electric hearing aids was created .
she swims every day.
taccording to kant, what is singular about motivation by duty is that it consists of bare respect for the moral law.
odpor was banned in germany for terrorist activities and operated between legitimate emigre functions and a thuggish underworld .
the symmetry operations can be represented in many ways .
yes, and her cat is so cute.
lactose intolerance is distinct from milk allergy , an immune response to cow 's milk proteins .
the students took the elevator to the basement , where the professor conducted all of his experiments .
the man charged with stealing was later released .
many products are made from plant sap .
since then, the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs.
counter-terrorism is broad in scope .
not all virus infections produce a protective immune response in this way .
i don't even remember what color the carpet is!
many novels of great length do not have chapters .
due to the worldwide spreading of the memorial culture surrounding hiroshima , similar ceremonies are held across the globe .
x- ray crystallography is the primary method for determining the molecular conformations of biological macromolecules , particularly protein and nucleic acids such as dna and rna .
rwanda has a temperate tropical highland climate , with lower temperatures than are typical for equatorial countries because of its high elevation .
the authorities in beijing say the “shangri-la” label belongs to a region in yunnan province, although it was only renamed as such in 2001 (long after the hotel group was formed) so that the local community could cash in on the fame of the fictional paradise depicted in the novel, lost horizon, by british author james hilton.
our kids have trouble deciding what to wear to school .
"that is a pretty cat," her mom said.
fire plays a major role in the ecology of the forest with many plant species depending on fire to regenerate .
the city 's population became more diverse since the end of world war ii , when a seemingly robust steel industry attracted thousands of workers .
the collection and library were arranged in galleries within the university and a guidebook published in 1915 .
japan's nuclear watchdog, the nuclear regulation authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company's takahama nuclear plant.
she could see the sidewalk.
a traditional design , the grapnel style is simple to design and build .
the bombs killed 15 students in a university cafeteria on 28 march.
cockburn’s own position is an amalgam of three dominant strains of eighteenth-century morality: moral rationalism, moral fitness theory and moral sense theory.
the high prevalence of people from the west on this list may be due to societal attitudes toward homosexuality .
he didn't know what was wrong.
from this beginning , in the 1950s , a good-sized theory has been built up .
c'mon, guess what?
start dates are 7, 14 and 21 august (mondays).
graham understands the enthusiasm.
read the full statement earlier this week, china offered some media organizations -- not including cnn -- a carefully managed tour of tibet's capital, but ran into a public-relations roadblock when a group of buddhist monks began screaming protests at a holy shrine.
now my mom drives me.
the balustrade is the system of railings and balusters that prevents people from falling over the edge .
kodaikanal was established in 1845 as a resort town where people would come to find refuge from the high temperatures and tropical diseases of the plains .
for all adults, this rises to 20% and, for young adults, it is still three times as high at 9%.
she lay in bed.
"that's for sure," said molly.
the above arguments hold in any ring .
the mantle cavity functions as a respiratory chamber in all molluscs .
my renewed application was denied .
they went to the beach.
there were people protesting the military base in okinawa .
deep learning is at the heart of the current rise of artificial intelligence.
the material scientist / engineer also deals with the extraction of materials and their conversion into useful forms .
dredge nets have a gross mesh in order to let organisms smaller than the target organisms through .
in the wild , hamsters are crepuscular and stay underground during the day .
they could watch the squirrels and deer.
agriculture is one of the main activities in the province .
cyberpunk and postcyberpunk authors have been interested by the idea of the breakdown of the government .
in the experiment, tonagawa’s team placed the mice in a chamber and allowed them to explore it.
still, the study is a valuable reminder that a child's environment -- in and out of the womb -- appears to affect the risk of adhd, says joel nigg, ph.d., a professor of psychiatry at oregon health & science university, in portland.
this goes fast.
[1] it is sometimes suggested, therefore, that existentialism just is this bygone cultural movement rather than an identifiable philosophical position; or, alternatively, that the term should be restricted to sartre’s philosophy alone.
much of the plumbing work in populated areas is regulated by government or quasi-government agencies due to the direct impact on the public 's health , safety , and welfare .
pilcher died on 6 february 2019 , at the age of 94 , following a stroke .
his edinburgh and cambridge mentors were to shape darwin’s philosophical attitudes and scientific career decisively.
the geology of the area is layers of gritstone , coal and glacial deposits of sand and gravel .
unlike their relatives living in more hospitable climates , deep-sea cephalopods cannot afford to expend energy in protracted flight .
12 myths and facts the findings do n't prove that gestational diabetes directly causes adhd, but the researchers say they send a message to mothers and doctors that gestational diabetes may pose hidden dangers to a child well after birth, especially if the child grows up in a challenging environment.
the federal government owns about twenty - eight percent of the land in the united states .
cooling is when an object gets cold , or lowers in temperature .
in his book-length essay, the myth of sisyphus, camus presents a philosophy that contests philosophy itself.
his savvy german doctor deliberately sought, and found, a stem-cell donor from among a very small group of people born with a genetic mutation that renders them highly resistant to hiv infection.
is that the same reasoning you have for math?
was first shown at e3 2001 as a seven-second video clip .
lovemore, 74, from zimbabwe, has become one of the poorest people in his village.
the role of the british prime minister 's spouse is not an official office and , as such , they are not given a salary or official duties .
misiones department is relatively flat and several rivers and streams flow through its territory .
question: why is this a problem ?
amazed that she loves him , he asks her to marry him .
because of the lack of physical characteristics that supportthis group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized could grow bigger .
geologists usually require several pieces of evidence before they will accept that a rock was used by a dinosaur to aid its digestion .
"where is my package?"
only 25 % of people who experience seizures or status epilepticus have epilepsy .
the dog is big .
several of the topics explored in the novel include selective mutism , death , and grief .
my grandmother 's soup is nice to eat because it not only has all the essential nutrients but also tastes like home .
there is no exact total number of deaths , because many were unrecorded .
since the germ theory of disease , cleanliness has come to mean an effort to remove germs and other hazardous materials .
just as temperature increases speed up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
the groups offers services and developments programs .
kalpokas died after following days ill health on 20 march 2019 , at the age of 75 .
palms are one of the best known and most widely planted tree families .
furthermore , legacy applications that attempt to access hardware directly cannot do so in user mode .
it was good to visit my parents .
i left the house on time but the train was late .
when the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly .
it's just easier to leave them there.
yes, i'd like to check it out.
we hope to see that movie but i heard the tickets might be sold out .
the 62-year-old had been released from a federal prison three weeks earlier after pleading guilty earlier to possessing illegal firearms, including five fully automatic firearms.
the aperture stop of a photographic lens can be adjusted to control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
in april 2009 , part of the roof collapsed , resulting in an 18 - month restoration costing more than $ 1 million .
i am fingerpainting, laura.
his principal tasks are to develop an accurate and comprehensive record of those changes, to encapsulate that knowledge in general laws, and to search for their causes.
cnn issued a statement tuesday saying: we are aware of concerns about jack cafferty's comments related to china in the context of the upcoming olympics, which were broadcast on the situation room on april 9, 2008.
supporters of bolivia’s position praised it for standing up for the rights of indigenous people.
this may have helped boost incomes in some rural areas but it has had nutritional consequences, says the government, as teff is the most nutritionally valuable grain in the country.
amphiumas inhabit the southeastern part of the united states .
a beret is a kind of hat .
most employment as a statistician requires a minimum of a masters degree in statistics or a related field .
i stayed behind in order to study .
grommerch developed breast cancer in 2007 ; there is a family history of the disease .
to answer the question, socrates takes a long way around, sketching an account of a good city on the grounds that a good city would be just and that defining justice as a virtue of a city would help to define justice as a virtue of a human being.
the case remained unsolved for over three years , partly due to the volume of tips received by police investigators .
the following table lays out the dates of construction of most of the major pyramids .
alginate , agar and carrageenan are gelatinous seaweed products collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids .
the injury appears to confirm contemporary accounts that he died in close combat in the thick of the battle and unhorsed – as in the great despairing cry shakespeare gives him: “a horse!
the oldest parts of the building date from 1094 .
there are not many animals in the desert , but some animals are able to survive .
in 1915 , south africa captured the german colony .
it'll be fun.
polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year .
structural engineering has existed since humans first started to construct their own structures .
sleet is predicted tonight .
the adults of this order possess four membranous wings , with the forewings and hindwings about the same size , and with many veins .
epoxides can be deoxygenated using oxophilic reagents .
otherwise the failures of modernity will continue in a new guise under contemporary conditions.
in the earlier 1800s , young adults were expected to court with the intention of finding a marriage partner , rather than for social reasons .
while these literary sources do not prove that the punishment still took place , they do provide evidence that it had not been forgotten .
the film 's b movie-esque title generated a lot of pre-release interest on the internet .
i see a bird .
there is news every day.
with his early leap into the 2016 race, marco rubio is positioning himself as the next generation of gop leadership.
nobody visits him.
thin red skin covered both little peanuts.
okay, what if i only borrow it for a day?
bullet designs have to solve two main problems .
tsetse have an unusual life cycle .
blight disappeared on april 3 , 2005 .
the physics affecting the bullet once it leaves the barrel is termed external ballistics .
since the 1970s , sports clubs and federations are organized separately within each language community .
they started hanging out after school, and going on dates every week.
just don't come to class.
convective cells may develop in the vicinity of troughs and give birth to a tropical cyclone .
he never gets a ticket.
the order includes about 2500 - 2800 species from 85 - 90 genera , which comprise seven families of trees and shrubs .
as of february 2016 , more than 1.3 million websites use drupal .
sure, why not?
the nectar of some eucalypts produces high-quality monofloral honey .
"she still sucks her thumb," he said.
do you have any quarters?
an architecture competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry .
i 'm used to long commute so it is not a problem for me to travel across the city .
we are moving.
microglia are specialized macrophages capable of phagocytosis that protect neurons of the central nervous system .
i didn't know laughing was a crime.
it is june.
she opened her book.
small pieces of colored shell and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and inlays which have been used to decorate larger items such as boxes and furniture .
the trouble will come when talks move to detail, with the republicans wanting to protect military spending while the democrats seek cuts.
so they had two babies.
the festival authority chooses and invites asian and australian films to participate in different sections .
it's been a long and hot day.
kepler -22 b 's radius is roughly 2.4 times the radius of earth .
overall the school is characterized by a high proportion of white pupils compared with the national average and nearly all students have english as their first language .
the gestation period for cats is about two months , with an average length of 66 days .
his first presidential term was marked by a severe economic crisis , social unrest and violence .
all of these conclusions hold irrespective of protostellar luminosity.
on the other hand, parents who finish high school, find full - time work and get married before having children have a 98 % chance of not living in poverty.
a chart prepared by the nsa, contained within the top-secret document, highlights the breadth of the data it is able to obtain: email, video and voice chat, videos, photos, voice-over-ip (skype, for example) chats, file transfers, social networking details and more.
but the current 'new european drive cycle' laboratory test for measuring these emissions is a quarter of a century old and has been outpaced by technological developments in the car industry.
webb’s predecessor, the controversial jack warner, was also seized in may.
in 1940 , the city bought the two private systems .
ben is not interested in doing business with us so we must stop pestering him .
hawking radiation reduces the mass and rotation energy of black holes and is therefore also known as black hole evaporation .
in some parts of the united states , corporal punishment is allowed in schools .
thermal resistance is the inverse of thermal conductance .
thursday's decision is expected to take effect in six months and be enforced by the city's regular restaurant inspection team, allowing restaurant owners nine months to adapt to the changes before facing fines.
jennifer pulled the trash can out to the street.
polo is not always played on ponies .
humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
a diesel locomotive is a powered by a diesel engine .
she put her thumbs on the peanut.
he was never a good cook so when he prepared dinner for his girlfriend it went badly .
steel is strong but heavy .
other types of keels are swing keels and canting keels .
barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate .
every civil parish has a parish meeting , consisting of all the electors of the parish .
more than 300 rescue workers were deployed to search for people trapped in collapsed homes.
it is to check who is in class today.
according to walzer, a society is just if and only if its practices and institutions are in accord with the shared values and cultural understandings of its people.
the online statement also said a bullet casing was found at the scene.
before halloween, many individuals carve a design into an orange-colored pumpkin, or a solid, durable vegetable.
2), whereas various thinkers of the advaita vendānta school argue that there is no self-awareness without embodiment (ram-prasad 2013).
terry thompson died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound on october 18 shortly after he pried open cages and opened the farm's fences that held his private menagerie of lions, tigers, bears, wolves and monkeys.
he told her that he had a new job.
ground into flour and used to make injera, the spongy fermented flatbread that is basic to ethiopian cuisine, the grain is central to many religious and cultural ceremonies.
it is important to help students to succeed .
they were not her little children.
most modern operating systems can use a flash drive , without the need to install special software .
the sources declined to provide additional information because of privacy concerns.
he wrote a phone number on the piece of paper.
the invasion planners specified a set of conditions regarding the timing of the invasion , deeming only a few days in each month suitable .
i will take you to mrs aronov's office.
she went to a school taught by nuns .
goods -only trains were not normally used , and usually goods wagons were attached to any passenger trains .
in classical economics, labor is simply the means by which individuals make provisions for themselves and their families.
eukaryotic cells have a highly evolved process of secretion .
he had to buy new pants.
another california law adds gender identity and gender expression to the list of characteristics that require equal rights.
a lot of guys think that women just want marriage, you know, i don't.
what is your question?
there are also 3d jigsaw puzzles .
the following shows several d capabilities and d design trade- offs in a short program .
hume stresses that he is not disputing that we do draw such inferences.
in europe, the emissions trading scheme was supposed to discourage high-carbon power generation by imposing a price on carbon dioxide emissions.
although the u.s. forest service fought wildfires long before world war ii , the war brought a new importance and urgency to the effort .
several analysts have also noted a stream of statements from al qaeda that hint at the coming of a counter-caliphate.
the man sitting across the room looked oddly familiar .
climate change is now measured on all continents and our efforts to lower emissions must be intensified to avoid it escalating out of control.
prior to the beginning of the 1700s , there might not have been a permanent population there but the area was used by nomads .
plant breeding started with sedentary agriculture and particularly the domestication of the first agricultural plants , a practice which is estimated to date back 9,000 to 11,000 years .
there are two main kinds of charter : bareboat and skippered .
but he didn't pay jack back in seven days.
what's your account number?
my sister 's birthday is in december .
most people with dengue recover without any ongoing problems .
during the iron age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
if he went on saturday , there might be less traffic .
she has n't eaten any nuts or shellfish since she had a terrible allergic reaction when she was a child .
occasionally a nova is bright enough and close enough to be seen by the unaided eye .
there are twenty children in one class .
the area was opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
following yablo (2001), one can distinguish between the following fictionalist views (about discourse about xs): instrumentalism: the speaker is not “really” asserting anything, only pretending to do so.
east africa can expect to experience increased short rains, while west africa should expect heavier monsoons.
(swinburne 1979: 131–32) more recently, michael almeida constructed a new version of the argument based on modal realism.
bopp died on january 6 , 2018 at the age of 68 .
the mouse - like hamsters are not real hamsters , although they look like hamsters .
the subhalo orbits can shrink by a factor of ∼1.5 in this phase.
for integrals of vector fields , things are more complicated , because the surface normal is involved .
newspaper 's revenue from classifieds advertisements is decreasing continually as internet classifieds grow .
this was hers , and she gave it to me a few years before she died .
it is common in folk traditions of choral singing of many people , especially in african musical cultures .
gm pref., 1).
she was shorter than all her friends.
pippi is an unusual and spirited nine-year- old girl .
trass died on 14 february 2017 , at the age of 88 .
you see coins every day.
today , however , price fixing by private entities is illegal under the antitrust laws of more than 140 countries .
she started to glue the pieces back to together , but then realized it was hopeless .
a request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with http clients before the http / 1.0 standard .
mortars have been used for hundreds of years , originally in siege warfare .
sherry said, "if the cancer is killing you, it doesn't need my help."
i do n't know if china is any different, but our relationship with china is certainly different, cafferty said.
the majority of squid are no more than 60 cm long , although the giant squid may reach 13 m .
he said anthony did a good job.
her coach is her swim instructor.
experts say the traffic app has eased congestion on motorways and reduced travel times for drivers but also led to a problematic rise in cars moving through residential neighbourhoods.
rather, to the extent that they show an interest in the past, it is as a source of ideas that they find useful.
he wanted to have a baby.
the walls around the old town are intact as the city grew and became more modern .
if he were my father , i 'd write him .
the protected area is part of the terai-duar savanna and grasslands ecoregion .
controversy surrounds the death of several fishermen since the 1980s .
the room suddenly became crowded .
i have n't seen either of them recently .
william decided to give linda a chance.
the justly renowned opening scene of goldeneye – during which bond freefalls into the cockpit of a pilotless light aeroplane – did much to reinvigorate and modernize the series on its own.
so truth-value realism is clearly a metaphysical view.
he went to the kitchen.
gestational diabetes, which affects roughly 5 % of expectant mothers in the united states, generally develops during the second or third trimester of pregnancy -- the same window of time in which a fetus undergoes a critical burst of brain development.
though it is the least reactive of the halogens , iodine is still one of the more reactive elements .
he reached the height of his musical career in the early nineties .
if two parties wish to exchange encrypted messages , each needs to know how to decrypt received messages and to encrypt sent messages .
the yellow- bellied glider inhabits forests and woodlands in eastern australia and is found at a range of altitudes from sea level to 1400 metres .
the bloody eight - year war ended in a stalemate .
recognizing this, modern jurisdictions have amended the normally inflexible statutes of limitations to allow victims their day in court, while seeking to protect would-be defendants from meritless claims.
then all the water went down the drain.
he is working there?
she shook her head.
what do you mean?
the monitors were seized friday outside slavyansk, one of the flashpoints in the standoff between ukraine's interim government and pro-russian factions challenging its authority in the east.
above the western entrance is the face of the astronomical clock , which was destroyed during the 30 year war .
during world war i , the strait was of strategic importance .
no, i will pay you with gasoline.
"why do i have to go to my room?"
he talked about sports.
index terms deep learning, adversarial perturbation, black-box attack, white-box attack, adversarial learning, perturbation detection.
however, recently due to changes in watersheds in general and land degradation in particular which resulted from a range of natural and anthropogenic factors, the agricultural sector has been challenged and the extent of fertile land available for this sector is decreasing; this can reduce productivity, household‟s food security, and aggravate poverty in degraded areas of the country (moa, 2012; teklewold and kohlin, 2011; gebrelibanos and abdi, 2012).
i was called twice about it .
in this entry, i will employ elements of both approaches.
the balcony has space for four people to sit and gets the sun in the mornings, and the flat is light and warm.
every tuesday at 1.30 p.m. where?
the purpose of a formal name is to have a single name that is accepted and used worldwide for a particular plant or plant group .
the groom 's family is staying at the hotel .
his apartment was on the ground floor.
it 's a good idea to plan to pay off some of your debts before you try to buy a house .
the show 's format remained the same from previous seasons of the show .
the number of americans filing new applications for unemployment benefits decreased further last week, suggesting the labor market was stabilizing as authorities started to loosen pandemic-related restrictions on businesses.
the intergovernmental panel on climate change recently gathered in copenhagen to present its latest report on the impacts and pace of climate change.
the strong taste people associate with anchovies is due to the curing process .
have you ever been to canada 's northern territories ?
in one club chat centred on hong kong politics, activists, journalists and artists discussed former u.s. president trump and his support base in the former colony.
lisa was so upset that she could n't attend class .
more than 4400 m2 of the museum 's 11200 m2 is dedicated to exhibits in a series of chronological galleries celebrating the 3.9 - billion - year-history of life on earth .
the difficulty and length of engagement will weigh on decisions by alliance members to intervene or aid in the future.
she felt tired all the time.
have you changed your socks ?
this entails dissolving identity for the subject in history by using the materials and techniques of modern historical research.
do your work , or you wo n't get paid .
construction on a new bridge began in 1987 and opened in 1997 .
it was time for his favorite tv show.
historians believe that washington 's death helped change the way people view lynching .
she said, "our church will help you."
the report found that even as the nightmare began for the families of the victims, wright was meeting his police federation in a sheffield restaurant to prepare “a defence” and “a rock- solid story ”.
they wore funny hats.
he loves his sneakers more than his regular shoes .
in a gracious concession speech in boston, romney told his supporters: “the nation, as you know, is at a critical point.
then they walk on."
if two computers send data at the same time , a collision will occur .
the victims were rescued by helicopter .
during late april , the japanese submarines and reconnoitered the area where landings were planned .
emission nebulae often have dark areas in them which result from clouds of dust which block the light .
the ch is the most famous problem of set theory.
sharia law is islamic law.
eu states should now support the commission’s proposals and ignore the whingeing from car makers that the rules are too tough.” according to research by the international council on clean transportation in 2014, actual nitrogen oxide emissions from cars are seven times higher than the 80mg/km standard, with some models running at 22 times above the recommended limit.
the art of engraving on gems hardly advanced at all , limiting itself to mass -produced items that lacked originality .
mama fresh is a family firm that has been selling injera to top restaurants and hotels in the ethiopian capital for years.
the small commune formed only industrial and is residential today , the picturesque buildings mixed with modern buildings .
put your back into it .
i want to eat something sweet .
an addition reaction is the reverse of an elimination reaction .
the polygraph is beloved of the movies, with countless dramatic moments showing the guilty sweating profusely as they are hooked up.
for efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position , rather than in the order received .
it is well - known spa town , specialising in mud treatment for rheumatism and similar medical problems .
the tentative list consists of sites which have been nominated .
porcelain originated in china , and it took a long time to reach the modern material .
what are the different phases of the moon called ?
by contrast, the new method developed by the researchers has performed well in experiments.
god creates the world in six days and consecrates the seventh as a day of rest .
she took off her shoes.
"where do you want to go?"
u.s. president barack obama, canadian prime minister stephen harper and mexican president enrique pena nieto agreed to streamline border controls to facilitate the movement of people through the establishment of a trusted traveler program.
the feeling of an electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body .
anthropomorphism can be used to assist learning .
artesian wells were named after the former province of artois in france , where many artesian wells were drilled by carthusian monks from 1126 .
i also have a landline.
william loved chicken.
“i spoke to an old lady who walks past the bench every day where she had her first kiss,” says walldin.
i heard there is a flu going around.
oats are also sometimes used in drinks .
sea levels can be affected by many factors and are known to have varied greatly over geological time scales .
education is free and compulsory from ages 6 to 12 .
the attack on mayor gennady kernes happened around noon local time, the kharkiv city office official website said.
the upper side of the wings is black .
there is a photographer 's studio over there .
the demand for organs significantly surpasses the number of donors everywhere in the world .
the four little people left the united states on 21 june 1869 .
can you draw the british flag ?
birdsong died on june 4 , 2019 , as a result of injuries sustained in a car crash .
the dog learned to sit .
it’s an existential predicament.” founded in 1900 by the state-owned luossavaara-kiirunavaara mining company (lk), kiruna has grown rich off the vast seam of iron ore below the town, but it’s now facing destruction by the very phenomenon that created its wealth.
my dog died when i was five .
i need a place to put my bag .
whether counsel is retained or appointed , the defendant has a right to counsel without a conflict of interest .
the use of medial caps for compound identifiers is recommended by the coding style guidelines of many organizations or software projects .
cidco carved out 16 nodes small townships with a view towards facilitating comprehensive development .
kwanzaa is a celebration with its roots in the black nationalist movement of the 1960s .
the male is 22 centimeters in length with the elongated outer tail - feathers accounting for 14 - 15 centimeters .
drops are types of moves where a wrestlers either jumps or falls down onto their opponent on the floor and lands with a specific part of the body .
have you done it yet ?
it's a reference book.
the interior also contained a pegboard chess board connected to a pantograph -style series of levers that controlled the model 's left arm .
in england they are often used as the fish in fish and chips .
the population of the province is estimated at 889,700 people .
there were several lobsters in the tank .
he didn't want to read books.
if i lived here , i 'd be so happy !
as an example of isomer counting , there are nine structural isomers with molecular formula cho having different bond connectivities .
how supermassive black holes get started is not yet known .
yesterday someone knocked on the front door.
the taxonomy of the genus is complex , and still under investigation .
she has a dog.
early egyptian medicine was based mostly on a mixture of magic and religious spells .
i like apples .
no electric facilities, including nuclear power plants, were damaged, the tokyo electric power co. said via twitter saturday.
more than eight years after a utah teenager disappeared from her bedroom on a summer night, the man authorities believe masterminded her kidnapping is set to stand trial in federal court.
he drove his friend home.
he will fight to remain prime minister in march and possibly for years afterwards.
nobbs died on 8 august 2015 aged 80 .
attacks in which an attacking wrestler jumps and falls down onto an opponent on the floor , striking with a specific part of the body .
self - assumption of a title is not necessarily illegal .
its economy consists mainly of mining , agriculture and fishing .
do n't feed the geese at the park .
obsidian can be found where high silicate eruptions have happened .
there are so many good restaurants in my area that it is hard to decide where to eat .
it will love you like pirate.
the convention center offers 615700 ft2 of exhibit space .
go - toba took the throne at the age of three .
these plants need some sunshine .
none of them were confident they would win .
another problem for many small businesses is the capacity of much larger businesses to influence or sometimes determine their chances for success .
we can look online.
author(s) agree that this article remain permanently open access under the terms of the creative commons attribution license 4.0 international license 28 j. dev.
had we in syria not been confident of victory, we would not have been able to remain steadfast and resist the aggression for over two years, the president said, according to sana, the u.n. human rights office also said friday that investigators have been allowed to visit rebel-controlled khan al-assal as part of a separate investigation into the alleged use of chemical weapons.
because of this , hash tables can often find information faster than other tools , such as search trees or other table lookup structure .
the head and thorax are white .
o' connell died on 28 june 2017 at the age of 94 .
there are many ongoing questions about different aspects of photography .
he didn't like that idea.
she sees a turtle.
palladium nitrate may be prepared by dissolving palladium oxide hydrate in dilute nitric acid followed by crystallization .
the outside can.
the research is a “big advance” that halves the uncertainty about how much warming is caused by rises in carbon emissions, according to scientists commenting on the study, published in the journal nature.
gliese 581 c was thought to be habitable when it was discovered , and it was thought to be in the habitable zone .
suu kyi, 75, has been kept incommunicado since army chief min aung hlaing seized power in the early hours of feb. 1.
a strange odor was coming out of the apartment upstairs .
he died of a brain hemorrhage on 23 march 1995 , after collapsing during the filming of a coaching video .
linda said that it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
this is called pink gold .
this caps a dismal decade for aids and other biomedical research support: from 2003 to 2012, the nih lost 22 of its purchasing power as a result of stagnant levels of funding.
29,000 houses were destroyed and more than 5,000 people were killed .
dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward - flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy .
within the convention of zero being neither positive nor negative , a specific sign- value 0 may be assigned to the number value 0 .
one of the main industries in the town is tourism , most notably scuba diving .
yet there are millions of humans whose makeup is such that they are attracted to the same gender and share the universal human desire to bond with a lifetime mate.
i let a classmate borrow my notes once, and she sold copies to people.
let's play in the pool, helen.
when in 2001 , the local community published its own findings about the forest 's sustainable management , it became an example of community involvement in a state - run management plan .
acea’s draft regulation would have covered fewer pollutants and further delayed the regulation’s phased introduction until 2020.
she didn't want to wait.
i hate monday morning .
recommendations for future mid- to far-infrared missions are made.
shepodd died on august 16 , 2017 at his london , england home at the age of 92 .
so, can i have a job?"
while clubhouse remains uncensored, it is only available on ios devices and is unavailable in the local apple app store, both major barriers for its widespread use in china.
nobody spoke another word after the professor got mad .
from 2014 the museum had budget cuts that dropped its maintenance to less than r $ 520,000 annually .
the dr. i was used only in small numbers and it had many problems .
if a sequence converges to a limit , then it is convergent ; otherwise it is divergent .
the number of tree fern species is likely to be around a thousand .
she started to talk.
while eating at a restaurant is an enjoyable and convenient occasional treat, most individuals and families prepare their meals at home.
different radio stations want their djs to speak only at certain times , so cyber jocks have to be made aware of each station 's rules .
there is a debate about the use of nuclear power .
chain- driven transfer cases use a chain to transmit power to the axles .
potassium fluoride is somewhat toxic .
individual animals regularly clean themselves and put their fur , feathers or other skin coverings in good order .
it is cold today .
another difficulty was how to situate many businesses and homeowners that have mail sent to the local post office rather than delivered to their address.
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers (icann) – a us-based non-profit organization that plays a key role in cyberspace governance – has received bids (each reportedly worth almost $200,000) for hundreds of new gtlds to add to the existing 22.
during the epidemic , there were only a small number of men who remained healthy and bore the responsibility of caring for the sick .
a popular proposal is the contrast between attachment to one’s country as defining patriotism and attachment to one’s people and its traditions as defining nationalism (kleinig 2014: 228, and primoratz 2017: section 1.2).
obama visits red cross: storm is not yet over ' at about the same time he spoke, the white house announced that obama will travel to new jersey on wednesday where he will join gov.
in the internationally publicized legal proceedings that followed , eight anarchists were convicted of conspiracy .
msg me when you leave ok. where do you want to go?
she reads the news in the newspaper.
with a teabag or portion of loose tea weighing around 3g, that means britons are drinking on average only eight cups of tea a week today, down from 23 cups in 1974.
since the birth, she rarely sees her university friends and her partner works most evenings.
the genre itself was defined as different from post- punk due to its darker music and romantic lyrics .
her decision late on tuesday simply put the brakes on compliance for the little sisters of the poor and enabled the obama administration to file its arguments.
he was glad to have a job at a time when so many others didn't .
the words next to one dial were small, medium, and large.
she ate meat loaf for dinner.
the relative minor is f minor .
a convolutional neural network (cnn) is able to exploit the shift-invariance, local connectivity, and compositionality of image data [9].
they were forced to stop .
not that ethics and politics exhaust the concerns of the republic.
i'm a little scared.
using cylindrical coordinates , the volume of a right circular cylinder can be calculated by integration over
he said, "okay, we will have a baby girl."
in the movie a scientist takes college students to use as human guinea pigs .
her mom said, "what's this right next to the cold water faucet?"
i worked very hard for them.
the human vagina is an elastic , muscular canal that extends from the vulva to the cervix .
he had a very strange moustache .
this species is blue-green to green in color and commonly grows to approximately 46 cm .
radymno is a small town , but it is extremely developed in terms of sport .
the inside of his car was clean.
farmer was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the spring of 1970 , which was attributed to her lifelong habit of heavy smoking .
the shovelnose frogs are burrowing frogs , living most of their lives underground .
this brings kant to a preliminary formulation of the ci: “i ought never to act except in such a way that i could also will that my maxim should become a universal law” (g 4:402).
she ate fruit sometimes.
the most common chicken and waffle pairing comes from the american soul food tradition and uses fried chicken .
she has a pink ribbon in her hair.
it will be helpful to say a little more about each of these in turn.
tuning a timpani by turning every tension rod by itself can be very hard , so some timpani makers invented different ways to change the drum 's pitch more quickly .
these auxiliaries help express a question , show tense / aspect , or form passive voice .
we could hear the fire engines in the distance .
a car almost hit him.
the reconstruction of the building was completed on 16 july 2012 .
shooting has inspired competition , and in several countries rifle clubs started to form in the 19th century .
but, this time, it’s not just the “big, cuddly mammals” we have to worry about losing but the smaller, less visible creatures upon which we depend – insects, creepy- crawlies and even worms.
he didn't see one pet.
cargo ships dock in port cities .
"lassie was a dog.
in order to get there on time , he left work early .
you look like your sister .
sometimes , glow fuel is called nitro or just model fuel .
he walked to the kitchen.
she needs money to buy books for college.
unlike war crimes , crimes against humanity can be committed during peace or war .
katsue 's birthday is september 8th .
statistics are correct as of 12 march 2019 .
the man took several hostages whom he killed .
she babysat them all.
"i did not like being alone.
the mammal - like reptiles are traditionally divided into a primitive group and an advanced group , known respectively as pelycosaurs and therapsids .
there are 351 identified plant species in the park ; three of these are rare and protected .
she gave me beautiful gloves for christmas .
the park also, provides sites for wildlife and bird viewing, picnics, campsites and walking trails.
louis got a new book.
its procedure was marked by the coroner’s decision not to take evidence of what happened after 3.15pm on the day of the disaster, thereby excluding an emergency response the panel found to have been chaotic.
because it requires breaking the skin barrier , tattooing carries health risks including infection and allergic reactions .
shortage of rain during the highly variable monsoon season can cause droughts in u. p. leading to severe loss to man and property .
were there people at the concert ?
he crawled out of his bed .
efficiency slows down energy demand growth so that rising clean energy supplies can make deep cuts in fossil fuel use .
i always wear an apron when i am cooking because i do n't want to spill anything on my clothes .
deutsche ended the year with a fourth-quarter net profit of 51 million euros, against a net loss of 1.6 billion euros in the same period a year earlier and analyst expectations for a loss.
when it comes to international law, however, some americans get confused.
we watch tv .
sportspeople may be professionals or amateurs .
net - casting spiders weave only small webs , but then manipulate them to trap prey .
another feature that is also typically seen as arising where (i)–(iii) hold is this: (v) production is primarily oriented to capital accumulation (i.e., economic production is primarily oriented to profit rather than to the satisfaction of human needs).
it fit him well.
his new car has two big seats.
legislation that would tighten rules regarding private ownership of exotic animals passed the ohio senate in april and is now being heard in the house of representatives.
it was not an easy task and i'm glad it went well.
names shown in bold means the airport has scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines .
if it had been yours , you 'd cry .
fibroblasts bear similarities to cellular automata , as each fibroblast only interacts with its neighbors .
she would lose her job if she was late.
finally she said, "people leave trash here every year.
her hair fell out when she had cancer .
people with intellectual disability are often treated badly by people without disabilities .
carluccio died on 8 november 2017 from complications of a fall in london at the age of 80 .
“i didn’t know it was so sought after.
alexandre bayen of the university of california expects automation will progress in stages: first, there might be automated buses with their own lanes, then perhaps lorries in ports or mining towns: essentially, vehicles that are connected electronically and travel in single file.
she kept in touch with all of her friends during the holiday so she always knew what everyone was up to .
neutrophils are the most abundant white blood cell , constituting 60 - 70 % of the circulating leukocytes , and including two functionally unequal subpopulations : neutrophil-killers and neutrophil-cagers .
the trust operates one of the most visited museums in the united states and gets 1.3 million visitors per year .
jason turned off the tv.
the islands are a popular destination for western tourists .
we have been invited to go sailing on saturday .
you also thought about the questions people would have.
canyoning can be dangerous .
but even there the difference is largely gains in women-oriented pink-collar content.
nor do they explain why the ‘natural’ is prima facie better or more ethical.
william james described his pragmatist philosophical theory as a kind of anarchism: “a radical pragmatist is a happy-go-lucky anarchistic sort of creature” (james 1907 [1981: 116]).
there are many different kinds of intelligence tests that use many methods .
a bailiwick is a territory governed by a bailiff .
and the government is powerless to do anything about it.
due to its relative isolation the cotentin is one of the last remaining places the norman language is spoken .
suppose a coach trains long-distance runners for one month using two methods .
everyone told her to stop smoking.
the cosmological argument came under serious assault in the 18th century, first by david hume and then by immanuel kant.
his “blunder of the first magnitude ”, according to the inquiry, was the failure to close off the tunnel that led to the already overcrowded central section of the leppings lane terrace.
statistical hypothesis testing is founded on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions .
information collected under this program is among the most important and valuable intelligence information we collect and is used to protect our nation from a wide variety of threats.”
he got sick after she died.
they’re not at all dangerous but they are almost pure muscle and they can be a little bit slimy,” says stephen mowat, an eel conservationist and ecologist for the zoological society of london.
eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration .
multi-stage, systematic and purposive samplings were used to select 180 respondents for the study.
others were beheaded and hung from poles, with notices attached to their bodies that anyone daring to remove the corpse before 48 hours had passed would also be beheaded and hanged.
her memory began to fail until finally she no longer knew me .
the park experiences three seasons : summer , monsoon , and winter .
he dried it with paper towels.
in the field of computer vision, it has become the workhorse for applications ranging from self-driving cars to surveillance and security.
despite its size , the whale shark does not pose any danger to humans .
nearly 40% of u.s. consumers who used “buy now, pay later” have missed more than one payment, and 72% of those saw their credit score decline, according to a study by credit karma, which offers customers credit score checking for free.
they are viviparous , born live and free-swimming .
carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas .
william hadn't found someone he felt strongly about in a long time.
here are some proposals; no doubt the reader can think of others: the targets might be atheists, and the goal might be to turn them into theists.
moreover, the indictment of the poets involves a wide-ranging discussion of art.
she did not elaborate on what kim discussed with the official, dai bingguo, during the latter's visit to pyongyang.
although american units were usually able to replenish their numbers quickly , the replacements rarely had sufficient tactical training .
he died on 18 october 2017 .
tags on all their paintings.
many species reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis .
a classic example is the thermal ring-opening reaction of 3,4 - dimethylcyclobutene .
she 's inviting all her friends to the picnic .
my mother cooks soup for dinner.
the meeting was held just four days after the disaster.
the pitching distance can range between 35 and 43 feet .
he found the pencil.
their small budget was a reason to use the ship for much of telling the story .
now if this conviction is so firm that it is impossible for us ever to have any reason for doubting what we are convinced of, then there are no further questions for us to ask: we have everything that we could reasonably want.
some specific ministries / department are not allocated to anyone in the cabinet but the prime minister themself .
new york-listed vipshop, which has a market value of about $22 billion, said on monday that it accepted samr’s findings and would strengthen compliance.
i like to make sandcastles and watch the sailboats go by.
it flew through the air.
despite investing in diversity programs, the management of tech firms is distinctly not diverse, and indeed the industry continues to dazzle with incidents in which men gleefully display their not even implicit biases.
over 2000 complaints were made against the organization in 2009 , with a similar number of complainst by 2017 .
his grandfather retired last year .
the band had seven top 40 hits between 1973 and 1976 .
as the mesozoic progressed , the protosuchia gave rise to more typically crocodile - like forms .
both oregon and california will prohibit the sale of shark fins in the new year.
there is never only one way to do something .
of course billy is her best child.
in most species , the female does most or all of the nest construction , though the male often helps .
the laboratory of 3d computer graphics and calculation creating new algorithms to solve problems of processing and analysis of signals and images .
the court has ruled that the $ 2.7 billion in school funding was inadequate and distributed unfairly .
i fly all the time.
god created the universe and everything in it in six days .
both forms of cardamom are used to add flavor to both food and drink , as cooking spices and as a medicine .
she offered her car to her brother.
is that your car ?
worst part of the job: cleaning up after suicides.
the uk continues to believe that medicinal regulation of ncps is the best way to deliver a benefit to public health,” said a spokesman.
randy cannot keep his money at home.
his palms were on the ground.
some patients arrive at an emergency department for a complaint of mental illness .
when quotation marks sit next to periods and commas , there are two styles of punctuation .
what's your favorite color?
in addition to the united states , americans and people of american descent can be found around the world .
first of all, she snores so loudly!
ammonium carbonate is produced by combining carbon dioxide and aqueous ammonia .
in 1972 , video recording industry in japan started to lose money .
he is my friend .
that meant yes.
the same is true , up to a point , of the chemical reactions of living things .
since 17 march 1982 , he has been in a coma following a knee operation .
the motorway was first suggested early in the 20th century , and a few sections were built in the early 1970s .
in the 12th century the first stone church was built with the formation of the parish ljungby socken .
today is another weekday .
common ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone .
“from a short seller’s perspective, i was spooked a week-and-a-half ago to short any small caps because i was worried wallstreetbets could squeeze me on it,” dick said.
genet developed throat cancer and was found dead on 15 april 1986 , in a hotel room in paris .
the doctor asked if he had come to yet .
ring - necked snakes are the only species of snake in their genus .
rapid forces were needed to protect important locations from the enemy .
he loved to teach his students.
there are divisibility rules that allow one to recognize certain divisors of a number from the number 's digits .
the convention sets out the definition , rights and duties of statehood .
no food or drinks in exam room.
it is in the mountains where you see beautiful trees .
some western sources consider visual kei a music genre , with its sound usually related to glam rock , punk rock and heavy metal .
short eruptions can end in less than a day , but longer events can continue for several days or months .
"it can make you feel very tired.
the city is divided into two parts by the river ebro .
coconut lorikeets are monogamous birds , choosing only one partner for their whole life .
you may drive my car .
her attorneys filed her complaint naming cosby.
how old is he?
tracon, or terminal radar approach control, is a reference to a regional radar facility.
if you ever come to sri lanka, i hope you will stay with me and i can show you my city too.
in a similar vein, in the eleventh century, avicenna argues, by way of his flying man thought experiment, that a newly created person floating in a void, with all senses disabled, would nevertheless be self-aware.
he found the envelope.
the tv had no news about the earthquake.
but delphine pando, defending closer, said the action was a “disproportionate response” to publication of the photographs.
“you also need to have a sense of humour, as some days can be tough.” job satisfaction: lewis ﬁnds the variety of tasks exciting.
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection or irritation .
the wire on the fence was as sharp as razors ; we knew there was no way through it .
the forest is an important recreational area with woodland walks , noted for their displays of bluebells in the early spring .
she usually watched the tv.
studies have shown that the results of lab techniques to measure car emissions can easily be fixed by using techniques such as taping up doors and windows to minimize air resistance, driving on unrealistically smooth roads and testing at improbably high temperatures.
debian packages are standard unix ar archives that include two tar archives .
they also spent a great deal of time during the north american leaderssummit discussing efforts to broker a new trade agreement with pacific nations, they said in a joint news conference after the summit in toluca, mexico.
he was thrilled to get a job there .
of candy is given to him or her.
everyone clapped their hands after the performance .
he couldn't find his toothbrush.
romney on storm aftermath: people are hurting ' democratic critics of romney and his running mate -- conservative house budget chairman paul ryan of wisconsin -- argue their proposals to cut government spending and provide broad tax cuts without generating more government revenue will end up harming the economy and increasing the federal deficit.
it is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics .
the name used generally refers to the type of military that uses the base .
production and use of energy resources is important to the economy of the world .
he will move out next week.
the river passes through mostly agricultural land .
under some conditions , such as extremely low temperature , some ceramics exhibit high- temperature superconductivity .
i always knew he had it in him!
pear trees are usually productive for 50 to 75 years though some still produce fruit after 100 years .
hollandaise is one of the five mother sauces in french haute cuisine .
in one experiment , lavoisier found that there was no increase in mass when tin and air were heated in a closed container .
in the earlier 1800s , young adults were expected to court with the intention of finding a marriage partner , not social reasons .
she broke the shell open with her thumbs.
the filming schedule was intended to last 138 days but grew to 160 .
unlike lepidosaurian reptiles , pelycosaurs lacked reptilian epidermal scales .
(schrödinger [1935] 1980: 327–328) and he observed that one can easily arrange, for example by including a cat in the system, “quite ridiculous cases” with the ψ-function of the entire system having in it the living and the dead cat (pardon the expression) mixed or smeared out in equal parts.
however, some experts expect the sector to come under more scrutiny during the biden administration.
plant breeding started with the domestication of the first agricultural plants , a practice dates back 9,000 to 11,000 years .
utah prosecutors charged mitchell with six felony charges of kidnapping, sexual assault and burglary.
the larvae have black hairs and also eat small insects .
many newts produce toxins in their skin secretions as a defence against predators .
one day margaret would be tall.
the 150th anniversary was celebrated in 2003 .
in one, the system was able to prove that a murder victim was killed by a bullet through the cheek; in another, a virtopsy on a murdered man meant his wish to be cryogenically frozen could still go ahead as his body remained intact.
stotting makes a prey animal more visible , and uses up time and energy that could be spent on escaping from the predator .
biophysical chemists employ various tools used in physical chemistry to probe the structure of biological systems .
a polynomial equation over the rationals can always be converted to an equivalent one in which the coefficients are integers .
but, in a country where only an estimated 5% of the population has unrestricted access to the internet, a facility that is both free of charge and free of restrictions is being hailed as an unprecedented boon.
wait, what happened to christopher?
charles gant, film editor for heat magazine, says the indications are it is heading in the right direction.” skyfall was a brilliant strategic move,” he says.
among the group's recommendations: -- end of criminalization and stigmatization of people who use drugs but do not harm others -- encourage governments to experiment with drug legalization, especially marijuana -- offer more harm reduction measures, such as access to syringes -- ditch just say no and zero tolerance policies for youth in favor of other educational efforts.
her plane would leave at 7 p.m.
she looked at her fingernails.
male convicts got paid for being servants or farm workers to free settlers , or in work groups on public works .
okay, but i don't know how.
a mud volcano is usually made by mud diapir that breaks out of the surface of the earth or on the ocean bottom .
people asking about their missing loved ones looked so desperate .
there are many churches and historical buildings .
histones undergo posttranslational modifications that alter their interaction with dna and nuclear proteins .
the mhc genes are highly polymorphic .
absinthe traditionally has a natural green color , but may also be colorless .
the goatse . cx domain name was reported sold at an auction on april 30 , 2007 to an unknown bidder .
the policeman said, "you are drunk.
i never said it was.
cerf called for the development of “digital vellum” to preserve old software and hardware so that out-of-date files could be recovered no matter how old they are.
the wood pigeon is mostly grey , with large white patches on both sides of the neck .
it is made by reacting hydrogen bromide with sodium hydroxide .
﻿the mass collection of telephone records by government surveillance programmes poses a clear threat to the personal privacy of ordinary citizens, according to us researchers who used basic phone logs to identify people and uncover confidential information about their lives.
people blow on their hands to keep their hands warm.
sharpie markers are made with a number of tips .
﻿the inventor of a state-of-the-art computer-assisted autopsy system that is increasingly being used in european hospitals has claimed the technique could eventually mean there is no such thing as a 'perfect murder'.
capitalists typically subordinate workers in the production process, as capitalists have asymmetric decision-making power over what gets produced and how it gets produced.
thant died of lung cancer in new york on 25 november 1974 .
so-called buy now, pay later services - offered by providers such as affirm holdings inc, klarna, afterpay ltd and paypal holding inc’s “pay in 4” - have blossomed across retail websites during the coronavirus pandemic as people have turned more to shopping online.
"just buy this tube of nail hole filler.
for machiavelli, there is no moral basis on which to judge the difference between legitimate and illegitimate uses of power.
2000; and mander & panagakou [eds.]
calligraphy - inspired typefaces were first designed in italy , to replace documents written in a handwriting style called chancery hand .
thermocouples are widely used in science and industry .
the majority of feature movies are between 70 and 210 minutes long .
low warm water abundances can be explained with shock models that include uv radiation to dissociate water and modify the shock structure.
the doorbell rang.
then anthony took the bugs home.
six professional wrestling matches were on the event 's supercard , a scheduling of more than one main event .
according to a second view, the ethics of care is about close relationships between persons, based on a special emotional bond and including a commitment to each other’s wellbeing (ruddick 1998).
by march 2011 , the series had sold over 89million physical copies , and grossed over $ by 2014 .
it could n't be done.
it was a big house.
cleaner shrimp are often included in salt water aquaria to keep the tank clean .
recently , major card issuers have increased cashback amount to 5 % for purchases especially in grocery stores and petrol stations .
"you hit your sister."
all of the professors got together at the end of the semester to discuss how their classes went and what they could improve on .
here i go!
were they insect bites?
below are examples of a typical netsplit .
the damper consists of an inner hub attached to the end of the crankshaft .
pat turned one dial to large, and the other dial to hot.
you need to reserve racquetball courts here .
i am deeply saddened by the loss of life in the recent tragic events.
drug trafficking and illicit drug use is a significant problem in russia .
gram staining is used to determine gram status to classify bacteria broadly .
we did n't want to wake the sleeping girls .
they 've gotten along so much better since his mother died .
she turned out the light.
by contrast, civic humanism is a historiographical construct.
ten matches were contested at the event , including three on the pre-show .
oats are grown all over temperate places .
in the knockout phase , teams play against each other over two legs on a home - and - away basis , except for the one-match final .
“once this agreement arrives on my desk, i will sign it immediately,” he said, in a statement delivered at the white house.
its strategy, published in 2013, argues that the grain could play an important role in school meals and emergency aid programmes, and help reduce malnutrition – particularly among children and adolescents.
she asked them what to do.
yes , you can find sneakers upstairs in the shoe department .
the opinions of viewers at the time was divided and it has not fared better over time .
i forgot my slippers but she let me borrow hers .
juuso died on 23 august 2014 , aged 68 .
the main economic activities in the area are tourism and pastoral runs of sheep and increasingly cattle .
but a new generation appears to be seeing it as less of a threat and rather as something that will complement and substantiate conventional methods and possibly even one day replace them, though probably not entirely.
over the generations , the family members have resided in some notable historic homes .
potassium iodate is used to add iodine to salt .
people with hepatitis a should rest , drink a lot of water and avoid alcohol .
sure, let me check.
the mouth is just behind the head , on the underside of the body .
synthetic genomics does not use naturally occurring genes .
the u.n. peacekeepers will monitor and verify the redeployment of any sudan armed forces, sudan people's liberation army or its successor from the abyei area, among other tasks, the security council resolution states.
although the term “nationalism” has a variety of meanings, it centrally encompasses two phenomena: (1) the attitude that the members of a nation have when they care about their identity as members of that nation and (2) the actions that the members of a nation take in seeking to achieve (or sustain) some form of political sovereignty (see for example, nielsen 1998–9: 9).
no one is expecting anything like that this time, but eon will not be complacent.
a court in california ruled that: “while the practice of yoga may be religious in some contexts, yoga classes as taught in the [san diego] district are, as the trial court determined, 'devoid of any religious, mystical or spiritual trappings.
he needs to know how much the tuition will cost .
it 's nice of mark to be so appreciative .
shared kitchen and living room with two female housemates, no parking, £600 a month excluding bills.
from the beginning , graphic designs were used to identify teams .
he liked his english class.
germanicus ' campaign had been to revenge the defeat at teutoburg , and also partly in reaction to signs of mutiny amongst his troops .
the films are written and directed by a variety of individuals and feature large , often ensemble , casts .
lithium carbonate is an important industrial chemical .
the legislation, which needs 60 votes to succeed, failed on a 51-44 vote monday.
inductors are used extensively in analog circuits and signal processing .
tell him when to leave .
great part of his career , he had to deal with defending worshipping god in an environment of the anti-religious doctrine of communism .
they flew multicoloured buddhist flags alongside red banners in the colour of suu kyi’s national league for democracy (nld), witnesses said.
pitchblende is a major ore of uranium .
2015; hezaveh et al.
but there is no contradiction here.
the libyan ambassador to madrid, ajeli abdussalam ali breni, has 10 days to leave spain, the ministry said.
only the doctrine of double effect captures the distinction between these cases, on foot’s view.
a price attribute in form of an increase in gate fee was included to elicit wtp estimates.
james wanted nothing to do with melissa .
many sans serif typefaces use oblique designs instead of italic ones .
about 500 potential jurors attended the sessions on september 30 and october 1.
in a sense, it was thought that rulers did well when they did good; they earned the right to be obeyed and respected inasmuch as they showed themselves to be virtuous and morally upright (see briggs and nederman forthcoming).
as foucault suggests, this free-floating mystery might be represented in the ship of fools motif, which, in medieval times, represented madness.
have either of you guys finished the homework ?
for two decades, those estimates have run from 1.5c to 5c: a wide range.
glaucocystophytic algae contain muroplasts , which are similar to chloroplasts except that they have a cell wall , similar to that of prokaryotes .
there are three important things to note about the definition of causal dependence.
it is close to the station but far from home .
she loved him too much.
in this town of 18,000 inhabitants, 2,600 are out of work as spain faces its worst economic crisis in at least half a century, one that has cast doubt on the future of the euro.
the woman waiting in line in front of me began to shout when the clerks turned off the lights .
bill does n't ever bet any money though he goes to the horseraces very often .
the service is reportedly very slow, especially when the centre gets crowded.
marx will develop two different but related approaches.
i want to be sitting in the front row.
he was a respected man in his community .
non-crystalline ceramics : non-crystalline ceramics , being glasses , tend to be formed from melts .
what was wrong?
i'll go today.
leslie’s remarks suggest that this is the direction he would go if challenged, but he does not offer a fully developed defense of his criteria.
cnn's john fricke and chuck johnston contributed to this report.
serum is an important part of the self-renewal of embryonic stem cells when combined with the cytokine leukemia inhibitory factor .
after more than a year of uprisings, syria is still stuck in a violent stalemate.
he got the red bicycle for his ninth birthday.
“the job is about keeping people safe,” says richard lewis, a hygiene technician for rentokil.
polonium has 42 known isotopes , all of which are radioactive .
the city is home to a shipbuilding industry , brewing industry , and sawmills .
if you contact your professor beforehand , you might be able to get an extension on your paper .
he talked to radio reporters.
carme did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as jupiter xi .
every culture has gifted something to the world and this is our gift,” tripathi said.
the median income for a household in the city was $ 45,015 , and the median income for a family was $ 51,162 .
may i speak with your boss ?
prairie dogs are chiefly herbivorous , though they eat some insects .
the specific energy of a flywheel is determined by
correlation diagrams , which connect the molecular orbitals of the reactant to those of the product having the same symmetry , can then be constructed for the two processes .
some fish change sex over the course of their life .
these concerns have gotten larger because of the actions of china .
but rising sea levels are not entirely to blame.
the radula is wide and has exactly nine teeth .
she taught her children to be polite .
an epigenetic effect heterosis has been found in plants , and also in animals .
in the past , non-photosynthetic plants were thought to get food by breaking down organic matter like fungi do .
eight anarchists were convicted of conspiracy .
foot was among the pioneers of writing on issues in applied ethics, treating abortion and euthanasia.
this rules out cases in which death is wished for by someone who is facing a life of dependency because they are worried about being a burden on others.
the restaurant manager said, "i'm sorry.
hamsters are more crepuscular than nocturnal and , in the wild , remain underground during the day to avoid being caught by predators .
i wish ntt would stop calling me at night to try to sell me a new internet plan .
jeff asked a new question every day.
"don't believe everything you hear," he said.
below is an example of typical netsplit .
is there a bus to the hotel ?
the weatherman had said it was going to rain today.
the band 's second world tour began in january 2001 .
where are my khaki shorts ?
thus , we can evaluate a contour integral of the fourth dimension .
"i'm bored," tom said.
you can watch only 50 channels."
nobody wants to see you.
mark stokes, a neuroscientist at oxford university, said the experiments were a “tour de force” but that it was important to put them into perspective.
lastly, what does this have to do with speech ?
coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to a single address location .
i bet the ink and paper will go out.
the chapel offers regular services .
the endocrine system consists of several glands in different parts of the body .
wolves can be difficult neighbours,” said chapron.
recycling companies purchase wecyclers’ sorted waste for reprocessing into products – they turn it into mattresses, pillows and trash bags.
the wreath was added against the rules of heraldry , breaking up the carpet pattern .
i 'll just take one and leave the rest for you .
it has often been noted for its complex lightcurves , which made determination of its shape and rotation somewhat difficult .
it can sometimes be difficult to distinguish anaphylaxis from asthma , syncope , and panic attacks .
while the details of her story appear to be fictional , her existence and martyrdom are considered a historical fact .
limited omnibus editions have 24 issues in a slipcase with several extras .
before contact with europeans the natives of north america were divided into many different communities , from small bands of a few families to large empires .
it's a question over the delivery system and the reliability of those systems, said daniel pinkston, senior analyst for the international crisis group covering northeast asia.
the team 's colors are red and white .
pollutants from diesel engines such as nitrogen oxide, carbon monoxide and particulates are thought to be responsible for at least one quarter of the 29,000 annual pollution-related deaths in the uk alone.
refusing their lower pay became a point of honor for the men of the 54th .
puar died on 2 january 2015 following a short illness .
she had to start over .
she also noted that the resort would be near the ancient roman town of baelo claudia.
furthermore, all jobs—even those of seemingly little significance—are important, as they simply wouldn't exist if their specific responsibilities weren't of value to employers (companies or persons that pay others for their work), customers (individuals who pay money for a product or service), and the economy generally.
in warfare , the long-term objective is the defeat of the enemy .
“one day, i’m cleaning up after a dead body; another day, i’m in a prison cell or 100 feet in the air being lowered down into a silo to clean it.” he also takes pride in the transformation he brings about: “it’s satisfying to return a potentially hazardous site back to a safe environment.
his is the black one hanging over there .
the failure rate of a system usually depends on time , with the rate varying over the life cycle of the system .
all the propositions that were added to the first compilation had been condemned in the fourteenth century at the university of paris.
wool has several qualities that distinguish it from hair or fur : it is crimped and elastic .
french soldier killed in fight against militants in mali
she changes into her swim suit.
what do you want to do?"
one benefit of defining miracles in terms of violations of natural law is that this definition entails that a miracle is beyond the productive power of nature.
in the very early versions of quicksort , the leftmost element of the partition would often be chosen as the pivot element .
the quarter has a population 19,921 and an area of 2.46 km
male argonauts have been observed residing inside salps , although little is known about this relationship .
i play outside.
key words: malaria, income, ordinary least squares regression and cocoa.
cold weather makes me tense .
however , studies on the dhole 's dna show little genetic difference between the subspecies .
the next key move for him is to engage in a deeper study of hegel as a source for critical social theory.
thus, nietzsche’s psychology is central to his evaluative agenda and to his projects as a cultural critic.
lists of countries by population
she looked in.
researchers have also found the effects of illusory superiority in studies into relationship satisfaction .
"it's not even noon.
the staff have n't opened the office yet .
x- ray crystallography was the primary method for determining the 3 - d molecular structure of biological macromolecules .
because of their size range , it is probable that different species hunted in different ways , which allowed them to fill many different predatory niches .
jim was surprised but glad to see his middle school friend at his new college .
in 2002 , it had a population of 557,000 and a population density of 99 / km2 .
i'm mrs. jones.
davy said he would be a careful driver.
bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in consideration for hosting a wrestlemania event between 2012 and 2014 , with fourteen replying in interest .
the boiling point of a liquid varies depending upon the surrounding environmental pressure .
the film received generally positive reviews .
despite it 's positive reviews , some reviewers criticized the game .
in 1903 and 1904 , stumpf was involved in two well - publicized debunking episodes related to sensational phenomena .
with the new title,” he adds, “they are already on to a winner.
plasmapheresis is a medical therapy which involves taking out blood plasma , treating it , and putting it back in the patient .
at the 2000 united states census there were 297,490 people , 108,984 households and 78,359 families residing in the county .
a portion of the large kinetic energy associated with flow at high mach numbers transforms into internal energy in the fluid due to viscous effects .
i wish i could have stayed there forever on that beach .
she said that she hurt all over.
i might have gone with them , but they did n't invite me .
it wasn't a soft lump.
there were 370 tornadoes reported in the united states in may , of which 322 were confirmed .
supporters say it helps businesses avoid unintentionally hiring illegal immigrants.
it smelled really bad.
arabic philosophers (falasifa), such as ibn sina (c. 980–1037), developed the argument from contingency, which was taken up by thomas aquinas (1225–74) in his summa theologica (i,q.2,a.3) and in his summa contra gentiles (i, 13).
the last killer tornado occurred around 12 : 30 am on april 12 killing four people .
eucalypts were introduced to brazil in 1910 , for timber substitution and the charcoal industry .
recognitions of virtue and beauty require particular sentiments in human observers.
"okay, i will come back tomorrow," the mailman said.
ubuntu splits all software into four different categories to show differences in licensing and the amount of support available .
it has wi-fi and fast internet.
part of the elevation in claims reflects people re-applying for benefits after the government in late december renewed a $300 unemployment supplement until march 14 as part of a pandemic relief package worth nearly $900 billion.
“patagonia is a relevant region for the country’s economy because it has oil, fishing, mining and agriculture resources.
the guide lists a number of myths about the sources of allergies, from the suggestion that they are caused by e numbers in food colourings to “toxic overload” and fast food.
the sign said, "please hire me.
tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent .
we asked all the children to call their parents to let them know they were okay .
orders of magnitude are generally used to make very approximate comparisons .
python is a multi-paradigm programming language .
shamanism is different from animism .
“one of the questions with the new administration is, what stance will the consumer financial protection bureau take going forward?
it was a wonderful place to view the sunset .
conversion from julian or gregorian calendar years to the human era can be achieved by adding 10,000 to the ad / ce year .
halloween (also referred to as all hollows' eve) is a holiday that's celebrated in america on 31 october of each year, regardless of what day of the week this date falls on.
according to foot, nonvoluntary passive euthanasia is permissible in such an instance.
there 169 scored in 64 , for an average of 169 / 64 round 2 per match .
the catholic church opposes artificial contraception.
it can be made by reacting bromine , sulfur dioxide , and water .
these dates are allegedly the king 's birthday and coronation day , respectively .
muscadine berries are bronze to dark purple to black in color when ripe .
crustaceans exhibit a number of larval forms , of which the earliest and most characteristic is the nauplius .
the database has more than 15 million articles from more than 3,600 publications .
the porch light shined on the cat.
the novel has been the subject of interpretations focusing on the historical role of book burning in suppressing dissenting ideas for change .
it was time to shine his brown shoes.
the second method uses a sliding linear l scale available on some models .
we call the act ‘creation’ if it occurs at the first time at which the creature exists, and we call it ‘conservation’ if it occurs at a later time, but the action is the same (e.g., quinn 1988, 54).
bland was diagnosed with triple- negative breast cancer in november 2016 .
i am a lucky woman to have eight babies.
the triggers that cause uric acid to build up in the blood are not well understood .
the plant grows in wet , shady places and flowers from the end of march to july , fruiting from april to september .
he will have to use a public bathroom.
it 's nice to see a paper you 've been working on for months finally completed .
i believe this new approach is america's secret weapon in what some have described as a space race with china.
political philosophy is a philosophical back - up to political science , which is the social science study of politics .
he turned on the tv.
stepping up to the lectern to the upbeat sounds of stevie wonder’s “signed, sealed, delivered, i’m yours,” obama told the ecstatic crowd of supporters: “tonight in this election, you, the american people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have picked ourselves up, we have fought our way back.
the area of the national park is home to an extremely wide variety of animal and bird species .
shiprock is composed of fractured volcanic breccia and black dikes of igneous rock called minette , or lamprophyre .
the focus was on the attributes of (1) wildlife population and diversity of species, (2) wildlife movement in dispersion and migration areas, (3) vegetation density and diversity, (4) security of wildlife and people, and (5) environmental safety and quality.
outright criminalization only drives the demand for the drug to the illicit market.
jack was alone.
the book was first published in 1975 .
the most common symbol for a derivative is an apostrophe-like mark called prime.
his dad was driving the car.
when water evaporates from the oceans, the vapour can rise over nine miles to form rain clouds that reﬂect sunlight; or, it may rise just a few miles and drift back down without forming clouds.
a car was in the driveway.
the lower part of the trap contains glands which absorb nutrients from captured prey .
though ethiopia has a fast-growing economy, it remains on the un’s list of least-developed countries.
in eighth grade , she started modeling .
it's time to feed the dog.
spyros kyprianou died on 12 march 2002 after a long fight with prostate cancer .
there was a shopping bag next to the door .
that's rare for any library.
introduction economic growth and development are achievable in any nation with a viable agricultural sector.
in the 1890s , a variant known as bridge whist became popular which eventually evolved into contract bridge .
the trustee is given legal title to the trust property , but has an obligation to act for the good of the beneficiaries .
emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same communication at the same time .
i grew up with three brothers .
the piezoelectric effect is generally stronger in materials that also show pyroelectricity , and all pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric .
the head and thorax are white and the abdomen is yellow - orange with a row of black spots .
the whole council is responsible for leading the federal administration of switzerland , but each councilor runs one of the seven federal ministries .
if you know, then why did you ask if i put the tape on?
drl algorithms have already been applied to a wide range of problems, such as robotics, where control policies for robots can now be learned directly from camera inputs in the real world [74, 75], succeeding controllers that used to be handengineered or learned from low-dimensional features of the robot’s state.
quiet background music can help you to concentrate .
she went under the water.
sotomayor sought more information on an appeal from utah to uphold its voter-approved ban on same-sex unions in the state.
in the united states , the overall cost of getting cochlear implants was about $ 100,000 as of 2017 .
the side-chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms .
large died on 3 november 2018 from an abdominal aortic aneurysm , at the age of 75 .
the foundation later reversed its decision.
tlr signaling ultimately leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response .
i can't stay home all day."
they were able to track the astronauts ' return and quickly get to the area where they landed .
the government also is expelling three other diplomats at the libyan embassy who undertook activities incompatible with their diplomatic status, the statement said.
he is in the home for old people.
you must be tired from your long week and heavy workload .
unlike the handcrafted rules that have dominated chess-playing systems, alphago was composed of neural networks that were trained using supervised and reinforcement learning, in combination with a traditional heuristic search algorithm.
in organisms that use chromosomal crossover to exchange dna and recombine genes , errors in alignment during meiosis can also cause mutations .
as a former president of ireland he was given a state funeral .
producing an image from a diffraction pattern requires sophisticated mathematics .
my favorite beach is called emerson beach.
all seven seasons of the series are available on individual dvd box sets for regions 1 , 2 and 4 .
that is for those governments to decide.
the history of the city has always been closely connected to shipbuilding .
all those red spots!
he had to clean out his apartment.
we show children how to be creative .
in 2004 , ipass launched a policy orchestration initiative to integrate patch management , assessment and remediation of remote and mobile computers into its connectivity platform .
she gets up.
the minister 's eloquent words left the congregation ecstatic .
the chemosynthetic bacteria grow into a thick mat which attracts other organisms such as amphipods and copepods which graze upon the bacteria directly .
how do you stay awake in that class?
dodder can be identified by its thin stems .
the quintet decided to make this project serious and record an album .
in modern times , the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is greatly reduced .
french explorers and fur traders were the first recorded europeans to pass through this region .
they will make you rich."
he showed the colored drawings to his mom.
in view of this, the ethiopian government and other developmental partners have introduced an extensive mechanical and biological watershed conservation schemes in various parts of the country over the last decades particularly after the famine of the 1970s (emily and fanaye, 2012; binyam and desale, 2014).
various political ideologies such as christian democracy or liberalism can be classified as centrist .
but now it was turning gray.
otherwise , companies in france was looking for graduated students with specialized skills , for jobs in key sectors .
i am happy when they visit.
in the late 1800s , anarchist naturism appeared as the union of anarchist and naturist ideas .
many of the details of the galaxy remain a mystery , especially how it formed .
what is your name?
enough about work.
how long do you want to check that video out for?
the evolutionary history of scorpions goes back to the silurian , 430 million years ago .
he had a beautiful car.
the chair was next to the door.
i will come with you to make sure you are okay .
what is the temperature today ?
there was too much pepper in her food .
the program facilitates extensive, in-depth surveillance on live communications and stored information.
a fairly fast growing species , it can grow as high as 30 metres , and can live more than 100 years .
sophie kebede, a london-based entrepreneur who owns a uk company specializing in the grain, says she was “flabbergasted” when she discovered its nutritional value.
yet rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues: immigration reform and cuba relations.
the wizard whom he lost was his godfather .
unlike architectural design , where achieving a specific performance level is the main goal , microarchitectural design pays closer attention to other constraints .
acrylic fibers are similar to wool .
the government lifted a day-long internet ban at the weekend that prompted even more anger in a country fearful of returning to the isolation and even greater poverty before a transition to democracy began in 2011.
amin, 61, from rural bangladesh, has seen his livelihood gradually decline, due to his own and his wife’s illnesses, the cost of his son’s marriage, the death of his father and loss of goods such as fishing nets.
helped by an inuit mapping expert, and stalked by curious locals, the team spent four days trudging through the terrain and collecting the images and information that will give the isolated community on the tundra of baffin island what urbanites across the globe now take for granted.
i am sorry to bother you , but could you help me with this problem ?
the nurse is nice.
she wondered what to give him.
helen is unhappy with her mother.
“i live nearby but luckily i wasn’t there,” recalled munir, a university lecturer.
carreras has received numerous awards and distinctions for both his artistic and humanitarian work .
the police had claimed this was done only to remove “conjecture” and “opinion” from the statements, but the panel had no doubt the operation, to craft a case rather than deliver truthful police accounts, went further.
but we can disagree and also greatly respect her political achievements and her personal strength.” the deputy prime minister, nick clegg, said: “margaret thatcher was one of the defining figures in modern british politics.
the movie became very popular before it was released because of the title and because of many people talked about it on the internet .
wind chill numbers are always lower than the air temperature for values where the formula is valid .
leopard cats are the most widely distributed asian small cats .
a sign was next to him.
signature mike esposa-hernandez date 03/07/2018 your checklist have you got everything you need?
these works challenged the received view about the development of scientific knowledge and rationality.
it 's cold enough to wear sweaters again .
after she spent the $1,000, she would have no money.
it's the responsibility of doctors to help those who feel less-than-stellar to determine the underlying health issue(s) and recommend an effective treatment (or remedy to a disease, disorder, or condition).
in a new essay, paul farmer, the chief executive of mind, and jenny edwards, the chief executive of the mental health foundation, say it can be both a cause and effect of mental health problems.
he wanted to pet the animals.
her parents and friends were so happy for her.
global oil benchmark brent has jumped 59% since early november when news of successful vaccines emerged, after covid-19 travel curbs and lockdowns last year hammered fuel demand and collapsed oil prices.
pallor is seen most easily on the face and palms .
there were so many dolls.
the main economic activities of the town are tourism , commerce and fishing .
while hundreds of comic series have been produced in the franco- belgian group , some are more notable than others .
when would she be taller than her friends?
it is most often found in pairs or small noisy flocks of up to 10 individuals , but sometimes up to 30 .
some of the mortier de 12 pouces were used for coastal defense , in which case they were fixed on solid metal platforms .
roads entering the city were narrowed and small chicanes were created to force drivers to slow down and be recorded by cctv cameras .
the major monotheisms unambiguously affirm that god both created the world and conserves it.
both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed by air raids during world war ii , with the bombings of a single night from february 3 , 1945 .
hello , is this the smith residence ?
spotlight is a movie about some boston reporters .
the lesser roadrunner is an omnivore , meaning it eats both meat and plants .
what to bring?
but there's a big difference between a minor traffic accident and sexual assault cases.
it 's rest period now for the children .
the following is a list of some of the songs featured in the movie along with the artist that popularized them .
currently the beach has little more than an access road lined with camper vans from germany, france, italy and britain, filled with windsurfers and kitesurfers lured by the area’s strong winds.
they controlled the life and destiny of everyone .
different approaches to programming have developed over time , being identified as such either at the time or retrospectively .
the human body normally cools itself by perspiration , or sweating .
put your wet clothes into the dryer, please!
his dad was listening to the radio.
it 's not raining anymore but they stopped playing outside anyway .
so taste differs from the assent that characterizes understanding or reason (t, 458; epm, 172; s, 219).
the average age of the current earth 's continental crust has been estimated to be about 2.0 billion years .
the door had a silver handle.
it 's hard to tell if these are my socks or his .
the aesthetics of the store are somewhat different from that of 7 - eleven stores in other countries as the stores offer a wider selection of products and services .
that meant no.
the trees planted last year look great .
during the twelfth century the area was swampland .
prizes are given for a number of reasons : as an honor for special persons , for exemplary behavior and to provide incentives in competitions , etc .
at the application level , sata devices can be specified to look and act like pata devices .
may lived in america.
air india, the national carrier, has also said it will introduce yoga for trainee pilots.
the plastic chair is broken .
pannella died on 19 may 2016 of cancer , after agreeing to be sedated .
are you nervous, patricia?
some crabapples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to add beneficial characteristics .
sharon told pam not to push her again.
he wondered if there were yellow peas and green corn.
usually , people wear sandals in warmer climates or during warmer parts of the year in order to keep their feet cool and dry .
afghanistan will be front and center on saturday's agenda, with nato members working with others who have committed resources to the nation and its government to align our approach, according to obama.
foxes and humans lived close together in ancient japan ; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures .
the words next to the other dial were cold, warm, and hot.
however in april 1940 he suffered a massive stroke .
the second season has a new layout that includes new signs and more original music .
since 1963 he has been interested in chemical and biological defense and arms control , has served as a consultant on this subject to various government agencies .
perhaps the quantum mechanical description is not the whole story, a possibility most prominently associated with albert einstein.
while the details of her story are fictional , her existence and martyrdom are considered a historical fact .
similarly, michael martin (1990: chap.
it is a car.
for most, spring is a time of "thawing," when the cold and snow of the winter are replaced by sunshine, reasonable temperatures, green grass, and more.
the drug is commonly used to treat attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder and narcolepsy .
give her the pen , please .
in digital signal processing , a digital signal is a representation of a physical signal that is a sampled and quantized .
they have given us a chance to do it again .
he was a stranger.
nice grades by the way.
the uk government has delayed a decision on whether to follow australia by introducing standardized packaging until there is evidence that such measures cut tobacco use.
if he caught four or five fish, he could eat fresh fish all week.
contact 07890 123456 for viewing.
“i think there’s huge misunderstanding about this nsa database programme, and how vital it is to protecting this country,” she told reporters.
it's tempting to ignore north korea's antics as bluster, as empty threats.
zero new hiv infections among children can be a reality similarly, the idea of an aids-free generation today is tossed around with abandon.
some species of starfish can regenerate lost arms .
cpu caches are generally managed entirely by hardware , other caches are managed by a different kinds of software .
a non-zero real number can have a negative number as its power .
they are usually in pairs or small noisy groups of 10 to 30 .
planned parenthood of new york city blasted the city's new teen pregnancy prevention campaign on thursday, saying it wo n't deter teen pregnancy and inappropriately shames and stigmatizes its target audience.
for machiavelli it is meaningless and futile to speak of any claim to authority and the right to command which is detached from the possession of superior political power.
the nest was in the tree.
neither is particularly pleasant.
the concepts of angle and radius were already used by ancient peoples of the first millennium bc .
the idea behind tinnitus maskers can be explained by a light analogy .
containerization has its origins in early coal mining regions in england beginning in the late 18th century .
the drug of preference for thousands of homeless greeks forced on to the streets by poverty and despair, shisha is described by both addicts and officials as a variant of crystal meth, whose potential to send users into a state of mindless violence is underpinned by the substances with which the synthetic drug is frequently mixed: battery acid, engine oil and even shampoo.
centrosomes are not needed for the mitosis to happen .
i do n't mind working although i 'd rather be reading .
she pulled a tissue out of the tissue box.
earlier this year, the mayor of phoenix wrote a letter to the u.s. attorney general's office, asking the fbi and the u.s. justice department's civil rights division to investigate arpaio's aggressive illegal immigration crackdowns.
the flat is perfect for families and is near shops, bars and restaurants.
nitrogen dioxide is normally made by oxidation of nitric oxide by oxygen in air .
mama bird flew away.
octopuses and most cuttlefish can operate chromatophores in complex , undulating chromatic displays , resulting in a variety of rapidly changing color schemata .
perception is one of the oldest fields in psychology .
are you doing what i think you are doing ?
he said it would rain a lot.
he did not want to get a disease.
the novel received favorable reviews in several major newspapers .
his teacher was young.
since the overthrow of the taliban, afghanistan's hazara have prospered -- in higher education, the government and the military and they have embraced new democratic processes.
a key idea of nmr is that the resonance frequency of a particular substance is directly proportional to the strength of the applied magnetic field .
when william told linda about his views on marriage, she didn't get scared.
is the dog safe to pet ?
u.s. district judge dale kimball found mitchell competent to stand trial in march.
organic synthesis is a special branch of chemical synthesis dealing with the synthesis of organic compounds .
we should always pay attention.
the same technique gave them the names of businesses the people had called.
it was the german paratroopers ' only night time drop during world war ii .
aquifers may occur at various depths .
in an alliance that finds achieving consensus is central, having one partner clearly overshadow all others highlights the real limits of the transatlantic alliance, the report said.
stereochemistry was important in solving the thalidomide disaster in the 1960s .
chemical literature databases correlate structures or other chemical information to relevant references such as academic papers or patents .
dora loved her mom.
carbonate mineralization occurs as coal balls .
try to be quiet.
the new house, which will be formed in january, will look much like the existing one, which has a huge republican majority.
no longer will nasa own the iss trucking company -- specifying every nut and bolt.
the park near our house reminds me of our first date .
he talked about the news.
journalists win pulitzer prizes for exceptional work .
he was gaining weight.
i walk to school.
i'll see you in an hour.
his wife bakes delicious pies and cakes .
“you get used to the job being disgusting but the emotional side of it is still hard.” you learn not to take your work home with you, he says.
“the decline in new claims in recent weeks adds to the evidence that the worst months for the labor market could very well be behind us,” said sarah house, a senior economist at wells fargo securities in charlotte, north carolina.
the year will be over before you know it.
he isn't a heavy eater.
why are you in a rush to leave?
the dog is afraid of the thunder .
the company was also the first in the industry to develop a gas-fired generator to produce electricity for cathodic protection to fight corrosion on pipelines .
the next day he would start fishing at 6 o'clock.
failure rates are important factors in the insurance , finance , commerce and regulatory industries and fundamental to the design of safe systems in a wide variety of applications .
he went to the examination room.
i'm going to italy.
he always gets very red when he is embarrassed .
it was the mathematical aspect of surveying that led him to exploring the geometrical significance of complex numbers .
what do you want to play?
afghanistan has its own cultural rifts -- between ethnic pashtun and tajik, for example -- but it's rare to see such an explosion of religiously motivated violence.
insect galls are the highly distinctive plant structures formed by some herbivorous insects as their own microhabitats .
the british sovereign serves as the sovereign of the order .
most dolmen constructions were built using stone slabs of big dimensions .
an average adult american alligator 's weight and length is and , but they sometimes grow to long and weigh over .
he said things that made her cry.
a woman whom many people like is kate middleton .
the men came reeling down the street .
in a synchronous stream cipher , the sender and receiver must be exactly in step for decryption to be successful .
tensions between north korea and the west have spiked in recent years due in part to concerns over pyongyang's nuclear development program.
he always said he was sorry.
he moved to paris in 1802 where he spent the rest of his life .
she closed the lid.
i do n't mind getting more food .
in formal terms, the derivative is a linear operator which takes a function as its input and produces a second function as its output.
listen to the instructions.
the future of some 80,000 u.s. military forces in europe will also be discussed.
i am pleased to learn this material .
she promised to come to my wedding if i promised to go to hers .
officially , the indian rupee has a market- determined exchange rate .
in recent years , due to noise pollution , increasing speed is getting harder .
companies are legally obliged to comply with requests for users’ communications under us law, but the prism program allows the intelligence services direct access to the companies’ servers.
i wish i could go back in time .
16:05 i'm working now, but i finish work at five.
during this election, outside spending by gop shell groups is expected to top $1 billion, said senate majority leader harry reid, d-nevada, in a floor speech.
the work is anonymous , and there is speculation about the author 's identity .
islam also has its own form of theistic evolution , which says that mainstream scientific analysis of the origin of the universe is supported by the qur'an .
she made an appointment with the beauty salon.
moose have been hunted by humans for a very long time , since the stone age .
the international federation of red cross and red crescent societies blamed a flash flood for displacing more than 23,000 people in a north korean province bordering china.
sally likes to wiggle her loose tooth to make the younger children laugh .
they put all the trash bags into trucks.
“all of this should be taken as an indication of what is possible with two graduate students and limited resources,” said mutchler, who argues that the findings should make policymakers think twice before authorizing mass surveillance programmes.
they are good.
it has seven red stripes.
he is a man whom i 've trusted for many years .
an average adult american alligator weighs 360 kg and is 4.0 m long .
the format remains largely unchanged from previous seasons .
“i come as often as i can,” said adonis ortiz, 20, while video-chatting with his father, who lives in the us and whom he has not seen in nine years.
the company’s financial report, released on 6 august, showed net income in the second quarter dropped from $37.4m in 2014 to $5.8m in 2015, an 84% decrease.
the museum does research and public servie work .
he always boiled his broccoli .
mahar died on 21 may 2019 of heart failure , at the age of 52 .
agriculture is important , particularly cattle breeding in the mountains and dairy farming in the plains .
she will let god fix don's cancer.
in hvdc monopole configuration , one of the terminals of the rectifier is connected to earth ground .
that parking lot is full .
as the century progressed , tomato ketchup began its ascent in popularity in the united states .
as an architectural ornament , spires are most often found on christian churches .
the port of the mosque measures 27 meters high .
thus ‘ate’ occurs transitively in ‘i ate the meat and left the vegetables’, but not in ‘i ate then left’ (perhaps it is not the same verb ‘left’ in these two examples, but it seems to be the same ‘ate’).
i'll probably come back with 5 more books.
(see hume 2000, book 1, part 2, sect.
democrats blame republicans for what they contend has been an unwillingness to compromise, and the focus on cooperation tuesday by obama and biden appeared to be aimed in part at demonstrating the administration's ability to get things done.
let 's catch snowflakes on our tongues .
not much is known about his life .
that's a great idea, lisa.
his dad told him that life can be short.
my sister is a good surfer.
i know how to get to shibuya .
there is marked sexual dimorphism in this species .
(einstein et al.
one might hold that equality in the distribution of resources among a group of persons is valuable, but only on the condition that the individuals are equally deserving.
families that may be carriers of inversions may be offered genetic counseling and genetic testing .
the festival authority chooses and invites asian and australian movies to participate in different sections .
sheep and cows eat grass for food .
"thank you for the orange," she said the second day.
she would be on tv.
why did she stay with him?
with around 10,000 species the oligochaetes make up about a half of the phylum annelida .
distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms in an attempt to maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems .
she didn't listen to them.
mature kauri trees have large trunks , forming a bole with little or no branching below the crown .
there 's only a month left before i leave for college .
canadian officials have grown impatient with the lengthy approval process in the united states for the contested project, which would transport oil from alberta to the gulf of mexico.
a place that is safe to go to is important for people in danger .
okay, well i'm going to leave now.
on august 10 , a day of memorials began peacefully , but some people became outspoken after an evening candlelight vigil .
however , species vary significantly in the detailed functioning .
combs can be used for many purposes .
the police came looking for the thief .
a list of the people targeted by the latest sanctions will be published tuesday and will go into effect at the same time, the council of the european union said.
my dog ran across the room when he heard me open the door .
it allows shoppers to split up purchases in terms ranging from six weeks to four years, with interest rates of 0 to 30%.
historically , many rhizarians were considered animals because of their motility and heterotrophy .
there are two objects , one convex and one nonconvex , that can both be called regular icosahedra .
when studying human genetic diseases , geneticists often use pedigree charts to represent the inheritance of traits .
the news from north korea can be so disconcerting that spoofs and rumors regularly make it into the news and social media as if they were fact.
the letter 'h ' is used to aspirate certain consonants .
wyden would not comment on the washington post report on the google and yahoo intercepts.
he had ten times $1,000.
do you have weekend plans ?
the stated aim of the list was to protect the faith and morals of the faithful by preventing the reading of theologically , culturally , or politically disruptive books .
although widely and commonly confused with republicanism, civic humanism forms a separate and distinct phenomenon in the history of western political thought.
a bailiwick is a territory administered by a bailiff .
nowhere does this come out more clearly than in his treatment of the relationship between law and force.
she was ready for the rain.
i wish our school group could go to tohoku to join in the planting of the new seaside trees .
david sent his friend a wedding gift .
pollinators are often visually attracted by the shape and colors of the labellum .
they understood what they learned from their experiences .
the differences only show up when we are considering utterances intuitively about these props themselves, the numbers, such as “7 is smaller than 11”.
thirty three first person poems that describe different times during an eleven year old boy 's day at the beach .
at the mansion, cosby allegedly forced her to perform a sex act on him.
it can even make it more difficult for a consumer to set up utility accounts or find housing, as landlords will generally conduct credit score checks before renting out apartments.
the collection and library were in rooms at the university .
the climate is generally tropical and mild , and the two major seasons are distinguishable by their raininess .
this alphabetic system operates on the additive principle in which the numeric values of the letters are added together to obtain the total .
the meps voted to put health warnings on 65% of each cigarette pack, as opposed to a proposed 75%.
in the rest of the letters we see mendelssohn trying to play down the seriousness of lessing’s alleged admission to being a spinozist.
i am very content with life and every day is filled with laughter .
right now he was okay, because he was inside his apartment.
but, shocking as this is, such studies overlook the loneliness epidemic among younger adults.
the claim is only that the distinction sometimes makes a significant moral difference, as it does in this pair of cases.
he didn't have to look for it.
the traffic light was red.
is someone in there ?
he rinsed his mouth.
we do everything we can, but coping with the litter of 140,000 people is a challenge.
“but much of this rests on laying the foundations to good-quality relationships earlier in life.”
the naval battle between the small german convoy and the craft carrying no. 3 commando had made the german defenders at blue beach aware of the attack .
i did n't mean to cause such a huge misunderstanding .
less commonly , decapitation can also refer to the removal of the head from a body that is already dead .
marcuse’s work will go through many phases as he tries to unlock the key to revolutionary action.
thank you for letting me cut your hair.
the show was able to help launch the characters into more mainstream popularity and it became one of the most popular animated series in television history .
that stunning woman is from pakistan .
prior to 2009 , the united states was the leading issuer of ipos in terms of total value .
frank does not want to live without his wife.
new species have been created by animal husbandry , but the dates and methods of the initiation of such species are not clear .
cosby and his attorneys are not going quietly into the good night.
you are here early.
jewelry may be made from a wide range of materials .
she has a dog .
the special drugs made her have eight babies.
oddly enough, the rush to criminalize synthetic marijuana and other synthetic drugs comes at a time when public opinion is dramatically shifting in favor of decriminalizing, and even legally regulating, marijuana.
john knew they were bad people .
there are no specific antiviral drugs for dengue ; however , maintaining proper fluid balance is important .
most high school have a baseball team .
other social changes emerge from the survey, with questions about owning chickens and getting your own eggs being dropped in 1991 and a somewhat belated end in the same year to asking the “housewife” to fill out the questionnaire.
linear regression was the first type of regression analysis to be studied rigorously .
she gave them books to look at.
in a monopole configuration one of the terminals of the rectifier is connected to earth ground .
"just mail it back," said paul.
gender relations are another area examined by the stories .
the make- believe house where anne of green gables lived is very famous .
in four u.s. states the child is allowed to bring a wrongful life cause of action for such damages .
a train does not go 500 miles per hour.
you should stay with your sister .
“it’s a very dynamic time,” said robert puentes, of the brookings institution’s metropolitan policy program think- tank.
ultimately , the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser rise to a point where boiling begins which forces steam bubbles to rise to the top of the column .
i called but you were busy and i did n't want to interrupt .
irrespective of the breakdown in communication between lawyer and client, this complaint should probably be dismissed.
she did n't understand why many people disliked peas .
in general, medicalization comes with both benefits and burdens, and the medicalization of pregnancy and birth is no exception.
the origin of homochirality in the first place is much discussed .
in fact, the bond brand is stronger than ever, after the record-breaking performance of skyfall, which became the biggest ever film at the uk box office on its release in 2012 and, with its total earnings of $1.1bn, currently stands in ninth place of all-time largest earners.
are you looking for something?
this may contribute to the uptake of high-quality improved ofsp planting materials in tanzania.
﻿low-income countries will remain on the front line of human-induced climate change over the next century, experiencing gradual sea-level rises, stronger cyclones, warmer days and nights, more unpredictable rainfall, and larger and longer heatwaves, according to the most thorough assessment of the issue yet.
they both fell asleep.
actually, he seems relaxed and collected.
the village cross has first millennial origins : the base dating from the 7th century .
the officers’ statements, presented as official police accounts to the subsequent inquiry, were changed to delete criticism of the police themselves on the day, and, largely, emphasize misbehaviour by supporters.
the skull protects the brain and the ribs protect the heart and lungs .
in the times of ancient greece and rome , handkerchiefs were often used the way they are today .
in may 2006 , it was announced that the station was to be redeveloped as part of a $ 36 million project .
he started his acting career in the late 1990s .
“that has implications for foreign policy.
plant terpenoids are used for their aromatic qualities and play a role in traditional herbal remedies .
he was walking on the sidewalk.
oxygen is the most common element by mass on earth .
in the law , testimony is a form of evidence that is obtained from a witness who makes a solemn statement or declaration of fact .
we 've been able to get over 1,000 fema officials in place, pre-positioned, the president said.
over the last three years, the most significant terror attacks against western interests have been against the u.s. consulate compound in benghazi, libya, where there may have been some involvement by members of al qaeda affiliates; the gas plant in southern algeria in january 2013, carried out by a maverick group that pledged allegiance to al qaeda but does not appear to have been acting on its instructions; and the westgate mall in nairobi, kenya -- the work of al-shabaab, apparently planned without reference to the al qaeda leadership, even if it was exactly the sort of operation al-zawahiri had urged.
donna loved her husband.
over the last several years, however, public opinion has pushed our political conversation forward dramatically.
the sky was getting darker.
the third act is dominated by the puppet show , a play within the play .
they won because they are all team players .
low - pressure o is used in space suits , surrounding the body with the gas .
the pug was also becoming famous in other european countries as well .
his favorite cartoonist is gary larsen .
the ethics of care is, first, about a type of work, or labor, as when someone is said to “take care of” someone else in situations like nursing a baby or looking after an ill person.
lucy went to the doctor.
appealing to a new generation of jihadists but the younger generation of jihadists appears to be more impressed by action than sermons.
carluccio died on 8 november 2017 aged 80 , from complications after a fall at his home .
the ossuary became a tourist attraction on a small scale from the early 19th century , and has been open to the public on a regular basis from 1867 .
the distinctive horns and the muscular neck may have been used in fighting conspecifics .
“we cannot even predict what kinds of emergent properties would appear when animals begin interacting as part of a 'brain-net',” he said.
the current site of the palace has been in use since roman times .
are there a lot more companies not doing animal testing these days ?
that sounds lovely, good night.
the campaign creates stigma, hostility and negative public opinions about teen pregnancy and parenthood rather than offering alternative aspirations for young people, said haydee morales, the organization's vice president of education and training.
clean your room, and we can go.
“the boe look unlikely to cut rates anytime soon, with a six-month adjustment period meaning the uk economy will be well into its recovery by the time they are even considered,” said joshua mahony, senior market analyst at ig.
oysters are harvested by simply gathering them from their beds .
it is difficult for the false memory bearer to distinguish between them.
there are two objects , one convex and one concave , that can both be called regular icosahedra .
a kind of skin cell called a keratinocyte moves itself by rolling , as part of the process of healing .
his parents said, "no problem.
with advances in medicinal chemistry , most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds .
“we’re not as cynical as the pundits believe.
shortly before the vote in parliament, the eu's special envoy to libya described the situation as the country's worst crisis since 2011.
the cuisine of cambodia contains tropical fruits , soups and noodles .
why isn't the news usually good?
have you made up your mind ?
i need to get a job .
she did not like her neighbor across the hall .
every store in japan seemed to have wonderful lighting and decorations .
the movie cost about $ 15 million to make .
i decided to take her advice and so i signed up for an aikido class .
but it’s the creatures that provide the most “natural capital” or “ecosystem services” that are getting many scientists really worried.
environmental and conservation groups have protested that the project will harm the habitats of protected species, but for most councillors here the issue is simple: jobs.
in creating a multi-stranded, multi-character cinema “universe” around star wars, lucasfilm-disney are taking their cue from the phenomenally successful series of films produced by marvel studios, which disney also acquired, in 2009.
eigenvalues and eigenvectors feature prominently in the analysis of linear transformations .
a well-informed iranian source told me that the iranian regime will support al-assad no matter what until the end.
in 2013 , the church decided to push for a more aggressive presence on the internet , and built a new studio to broadcast in high-definition television .
the word lineman / linesman refers to those who work in generally outdoor installation and maintenance jobs .
i thought i saw him .
she learned aikido so she would n't be fearful .
the term is now often used in invitations , such as to weddings and office parties .
blossom died on july 8 , 2011 at the age of 87 of cerebrovascular disease .
observations of atmospheric chemistry are important .
the bank guard asked.
chinese pistols are in demand in the illegal small arms market in india because they are easy to get and cheaper .
her son became a dentist .
only belgium, denmark, the netherlands and luxembourg in mainland europe – like britain – have no breeding populations of at least one large carnivore species.
a number of craters lie embedded within this range .
most parts of the former supercontinent gondwana have ratites , or did have until the fairly recent past .
they drove to the park.
then, he poured them into the hot skillet.
louis loved animals.
i know the feeling.
he poured all the gas in the hall near the manager's door.
grooves are used for several purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields .
he went into the bedroom.
she said i could borrow hers .
by 2017, the first real-world car emissions tests are expected to begin in earnest.
in some rhythm games , the screen will display an avatar who performs in response to the player 's button-presses .
this apparent conflict in the texts has encouraged competing interpretations, with commentators emphasizing the strands in nietzsche to which they have more philosophical sympathy.
just slide into it, son.
is that the same spot where i found the other earring ?
there is no international treaty that specifies a specific crime of ethnic cleansing .
when the parade reached the end of its route , the people began to shout .
the gorilla is eating a banana.
is there a problem ?
after emerging from the brain , the cranial nerves travel within the skull , and some must leave this bony compartment in order to reach their destinations .
peter diamandis, founder of the x prize, countered with a catalogue of the ways technology has radically improved our lives -- it has lengthened the human lifespan, conquered many killer diseases, expanded economic opportunity and made possible a worldwide web of communication, already connecting 2 billion people, with 3 billion more on the way to logging in this decade.
vicky always wanted a turtle .
that is made from goat meat .
the spider bite got infected .
there is widespread concern internationally that the trials and sentencing were politically motivated .
(furthermore, an especially intelligent human brain produced this text!)
for those aged 12 to 15, phone calls account for just 3% of time spent communicating through any device.
the dry weather keeps the fields barren .
nick was older than sherry.
nick was old.
is this your first time applying for one?
deborah was angry at her son.
an airplane makes forward thrust when air is pushed in the direction opposite to flight .
van vollenhoven was diagnosed with melanoma twice in may 2017 and in november 2017 .
the term may refer to spoken english , and it can also describe written english .
the saltwater crocodile is a large reptile growing to about 5 m in length .
thus, malaria is expected to affect the income of farmers in the farming season.
in the razor shell sexual development is highly synchronous .
the eta carinae star system is currently one of the most massive that can be studied in great detail .
the city is lush with vegetation , but has an arid climate .
horkheimer and adorno believe that society and culture form a historical totality, such that the pursuit of freedom in society is inseparable from the pursuit of enlightenment in culture (de xvi).
but a growing appetite for traditional crops and booming health-food and gluten-free markets are breathing new life into the grain, increasingly touted as ethiopia’s “second gift to the world”, after coffee.
so now i have many babies.
it's beautiful up here.
shares in its affiliate kia corp, which had been tipped in local media reports as the likely operational partner for apple, tumbled 12% - a $4.3 billion hit.
he was at school.
1984; pearce 1987; balzer 2000; jonkisz 2000; hoyningen-huene and sankey 2001), correspondence (krajewski 1977; nowak 1980; pearce and rantala 1984; nowakowa and nowak 2000; rantala 2002), and belief revision (gärdenfors, 1988; aliseda, 2006).
elements influencing readiness to participate in crop protection by cocoa farmers was evaluated using probit regression model and lastly constraints of cocoa farmers were assessed utilizing kendall’s coefficient of concordance.
how could he do that?
what's the teacher doing, richard?
she was happy but now she is sad .
despite these protests , the film was critically celebrated , with praise directed towards its dialogues and the actors performances in particular .
each of the eight round uses six sub-keys , while the half- round uses four ; for a total of 52 sub-keys .
simple propositions were divided into affirmations and negations (ibid.).
the upperside of the wings is black .
mohammed ali was a famous boxer .
the ethiopian government wants to double teff production by 2015.
being able to post on mumsnet has helped me feel less alone.” helplines can also reduce loneliness, at least in the short term.
this park includes three valleys .
did you get what you wanted ?
nomads keep moving for different reasons .
mathematical platonism clearly motivates truth-value realism by providing an account of how mathematical statements get their truth-values.
while there are many plans to save venice – and ho chi minh city and jakarta are taking the problem seriously – the same cannot be said for miami, where politicians refuse to admit the city has a severe environmental problem.
they have lots of beautiful flowers.
there is also the japan monkey park , with different species of monkeys and other entertainment .
creation of market linkage and formalization of supply arrangements between processors and farmers and awareness creation on the economic benefits of seed renewal will increase the benefits generated by processors.
regassa feyissa, an ethiopian agricultural scientist and former head of the national institute for biodiversity, warns that, without careful planning, increased teff production for export may displace other important crops for farmers.
could you remind me what that man's name is ?
chloroplasts are one of many types of organelles in the plant cell .
at the time the united states entered world war ii in december 1941 , flying across oceans was a rare luxury .
1999 special edition bonus disc
the swine farmers did not like that.
we are teaching children not to be powerless .
he bought his father an antique plate .
today is the day.
some sharks are oviparous , laying their eggs in the water .
potassium bromate is produced when bromine is passed through a hot solution of potassium hydroxide .
each course of the university has its own recruitment process .
"mommy, will santa bring me all these dolls?"
nevertheless, there will be signiﬁcant geographical variations; many millions of people living in the developing world’s great cities, including lagos and calcutta, are threatened.
the ball is made of plastic .
harrison got very excited when his parents gave him a car .
in the 1970s , glass-ceramic stoves began appearing .
what children learn is what they see others doing .
three different definitions of the rosids were used .
i have more shirts than blouses .
he is best known for his discoveries of purkinje cells and purkinje fibres .
the island is 34 km long and 15 km wide ; it has an area of 175 km2 .
comparisons between denominational churches must be approached with caution .
listed from north to south
he was as old as my father .
my aunt 's baby is impossible to soothe .
hi - five has released three studio albums and one mini-album .
it was on the back of his leg.
around 120,000 requests are made each year .
there were beautiful flowers in every room of the hospital .
she usually didn't watch the kids.
it is a close relative of the mourning and eared doves .
the principal threats to cockatoos are habitat loss and the trade in wild animals .
the lake has relatively high levels of dissolved salts .
pots , traditionally made of terracotta but now more commonly plastic , and window boxes have been the most commonly seen .
can i borrow your class notes from yesterday's lecture?
for many years , efforts to discover brown dwarves were fruitless .
she swims for two hours.
everyone began to sing as best as they could .
depending on the size of the motorcade and who it is carrying , routes may be completely blockaded from the general public .
the commission's findings add more high-profile voices to a growing movement calling for a radical approach to drugs.
my parent 's rules do n't allow me to watch much tv .
what a good-looking jacket, he thought.
they used their horns to talk.
your father might be deployed to afghanistan this coming spring .
depending on the culture , and family and social structures , same - sex preferences have been found to develop between 3 and 9 years old .
do i have to go, mom?
food power is an integral part of the politics of food .
of course, what also gets everybody so nervous is leading statesmen comparing putin to hitler and, thereby, raising the specter of another world war.
this wasn't the first time carol had lied.
although it is rooted in religion, halloween today is enjoyed mainly because of its decorations, costumes, candy, treats, and general excitement, and furthermore, it is enjoyed by most everyone.
either finish now or do it tonight instead of going to the movie .
but bartho boer, a spokesman for the mayor, denies that the plans are illiberal.
historical attitudes towards oats have varied .
there were six men in the room .
yes, that sounds wonderful.
the streets empty soon after 9pm.
the initial landings began at 04 : 50 on 19 august .
the taliban were quick to disown and condemn the attacks.
tanzania’s production data for sweet potato show that there had been increasing trends in the production and area under sweet potato production in the country from year 2008 to 2018 (nbs, 2020).
leaves were flying through the air.
having filled the offices of quaestor and praetor with more than usual success , he obtained the consulship in 120 .
he dubbed the relationship between color and salt formation halochromy , of which malachite green is a prime example .
let me know what you think is the best way to handle this situation .
the first production version .
yeoh died of a heart attack on 18 october 2017 at the age of 87 .
"if we only get half, you only get half.
most sharks are not dangerous .
the international bill of rights adopted by the united nations on december 10, 1948, still stands as the gold standard in the daily fight for basic human rights today.
his brother said, "you should have a yard sale."
it's christmas morning.
late as always crying me too.
timid people are often afraid of others .
she wants to play cards .
the sea , characterized by severe climate , is frozen over most of the year .
thousands of anti-coup protesters marched in towns and cities across myanmar on monday, witnesses said, demonstrating for a third straight day against the military’s removal and detention of elected leader aung san suu kyi a week ago.
in tanzania, sweet potato is an important food security root crop after cassava being grown by 1.08 million smallholder farmers (nbs, 2017).
in statements monday and tuesday on the storm and its aftermath, he emphasized the need for a collective response while also making sure to point out the federal role in relief efforts.
now 22, smart testified as part of mitchell's competency hearing last year that after taking her -- still dressed in her red pajamas -- from her home, mitchell took her to a wooded area behind her home and performed a mock marriage ceremony with her before sexually assaulting her.
he will always be thin, because he is a light eater.
scholars rocks can be any color .
he can't hide his money in his back yard.
paul opened a catalog.
international efforts to crack down on drug producers and consumers and to try to reduce demand have had devastating consequences for individuals and societies around the world, the report from the global commission on drug policy said.
the report says progress on poverty reduction, while impressive to date, has had less of an impact on the chronically poor than on those who were already closer to the poverty line.
"i'm too lazy to save people's lives," said the dog.
he looked for a book with lots of pictures of bugs.
a consonant may be added to separate vowels in hiatus .
yeah, most kids hate reading.
in a country that is increasingly polarized along sectarian and ethnic lines, these councils can perhaps provide the glue that keeps the country stitched together.
for those with money to invest , stocks are one option .
positive latitudes are north of the equator , negative latitudes are south of the equator .
originally the service had been provided by two -axle motor cars .
disney has brought a whole new level of marketing savvy to an already popular product: dergarabedian cites the decision to make all six existing star wars films available on streaming services as “a brilliant way to build the anticipation for the new film and reinvigorate the idea of star wars in the minds of the fans”.
management consultants oliver wyman estimate bnpl firms facilitated between $20 billion-25 billion in transactions in the united states last year, although analyst estimates on the size of the bnpl industry vary because it is relatively new and some of the companies are private.
male argonauts have been seen living inside salps , which are planktonic tunicates .
the capital, malé, population 153,379 and only four feet above sea level, has used japanese investment to build a ten-foot sea wall at a cost of $63 million – but, long term, only a stabilization of rising sea levels will save it and the rest of the islands.
suppose we think of arguments as having advocates and targets: when an advocate presents an argument to a target, the goal of the advocate is to bring about some change in the target.
the h1n1 virus was making everyone sick.
are there any schools you 're looking at in particular ?
another popular chinese language club on the site as of saturday involved a rare open exchange between netizens in mainland china, taiwan and hong kong over heightened political tensions in the region.
deep reinforcement learning algorithms are also applied to robotics, allowing control policies for robots to be learned directly from camera inputs in the real world.
but this appearance may be misleading.
can i have his cake ?
if you keep the laundry too close to the heater , it may burn .
murt died from cancer in barcelona , spain , aged 68 .
there were also 28 dead and 62 wounded on the tuareg side, the ministry said, according to l'essor national.
let's play a game.
i ca n't wait for the day when we have flying cars .
his nose was close to the ground.
basic general information about the clients : creator / company , license / price etc .
another area of friendly disagreement for the three amigos is over the obama administration's handling of the keystone xl pipeline.
ngc 1569 is characterized by a large starburst .
anna 's so mean that her boyfriend left her .
bear is often called a hard science fiction author because he uses many scientific details in his work .
as most porn is marketed to men , most bisexual porn is marketed to heterosexual or bisexual men .
at the end of the war , he moved to paris , working almost only in charcoal and lithography .
ted.com: susan cain on the power of introverts and yet technology did n't seem to have a solution for the problems highlighted by bryan stevenson, director of the equal justice initiative.
karen is on the swim team.
by the 1990s , the federal government had changed its mind on wolves .
he asked the dog.
the kids continue to wait.
these six camps were closed by october 1942 .
“these experiments showed that we have established a sophisticated, direct communication linkage between brains,” nicolelis said in a statement.
a lot of things.
we are already seeing the effects of climate change in bangladesh and across south asia.
they could not see their way along the road because it was dark .
it was in 1907 that residents of the town decided it was time to incorporate .
the ring did not fit .
the victorious rebels formed a government junta that abolished the military altogether , and oversaw the drafting of a new constitution by a democratically elected assembly .
hi, can you help me find a book on tigers?
amoebozoa are now regarded as a separate kingdom- level clade , being more closely related to both animals and fungi than to plants .
on 29 august 2016 he was reported to be in intensive care , after suffering a stroke .
can you raise one eyebrow ?
polderization and occasional flooding have created salt marsh meadows that were found to be ideally suited to grazing sheep .
in this version , the wrestler either starts by lying down or dropping down on the mat while the opponent stands near to their head .
liam got new shoes before the party .
x-rays and uv radiation that is released by solar flares can affect earth 's ionosphere .
i went to the new dentist to have my teeth fixed .
lamarck gradually turned blind ; he died in paris on 18 december 1829 .
horse - drawn for-hire hackney carriage services began operating in both paris and london in the early 17th century .
because of the increased demand and the restrictions on exports of the metals from china , some countries are stockpiling rare earth resources .
it was the day that the sun splashed its headline “the truth” over lies fed to it by four senior south yorkshire police officers.
chinese rock reached a peak of creativity and popularity between 1990 and 1993 .
but actions have many relevant features, some counting in favour and others against.
“there’s a focus on a tighter connection between the role of transportation and the economic health of cities and its impact on people.” as the average us commute lengthens and the country’s infrastructure ages badly, cities across the us are being forced to redefine what transportation is.
protein biosynthesis , although very similar , is different for prokaryotes and eukaryotes .
amish tripathi, the author of best-selling novels set 4,000 years ago in india that retell stories from hindu mythology, said characters in his books practise yoga.
he kept talking.
it was not immediately clear, she added, how many libyan diplomats or local spanish personnel might remain at the libyan embassy in madrid, after the expulsion of the ambassador and the three other libyan diplomats.
he was 16.
i think it 's time to get you a new pair of socks .
an adult is about 1.8 m in length and weighs 90 - 120 kg .
all she did was eat.
unlike the next generation, he expected all spheres of philosophical inquiry to open up to his investigation and his philosophy extended to all spheres: logic, metaphysics, ethics, political thought, aesthetics, education.
in february 1982 , two television antennas were added to the tower .
she visited jack.
one of the driving forces behind drl is the vision of creating systems that are capable of learning how to adapt in the real world.
no one was willing to switch.
although there was widespread disillusionment with the slow pace of economy recovery and a high unemployment level, americans decided to stick with him.
no parent likes to see their child suffering .
the shopping mall is located on both the northern and the southern side of the e4 motorway .
he needed some food.
anna was standing between her two sisters .
i will miss him so much."
the name was given to this bay by colonists who saw a large bird that they called a buzzard near its shores .
think before you say something hurtful .
he had a contagious disease.
maybe the cat belonged to another family.
however, it is her moral theory that is most prominently emphasized throughout her works.
a match similar to a singles match with the exception that the loser must kiss the winner 's bare foot .
in this volume, as well as in later writings that built upon it (many collected in baron 1968 and 1988), he developed what has come to be called the “baron thesis” (witt 1996; hankins 1995).
cetaceans and artiodactyls now are classified under the order cetartiodactyla , often still referred to as artiodactyla , which includes both whales and hippopotamuses .
sociologists of science have studied the dynamic interaction between the scientific community and other social institutions.
don cherry is a hockey commentator .
humans have a large effect on the world .
her favorite bracelet suddenly disappeared .
well, in my honest opinion, i don't care what you think.
a nail hole was easy to fix.
there are several methods that can be used to solve a rubik 's revenge .
many countries responded to the appeals and launched fund-raising efforts , as well as sending search and rescue teams .
you must not deceive people just to satisfy your goals .
in 1984 carstens decided not to seek a second term on account of his age and left office on 30 june 1984 .
don's mom said no.
the smallest amount of time was 8 seconds , and the largest was 34 seconds .
the ministry cited a decline in private sector investments and private consumption expenditure for dragging down total domestic demand.
daniel craig has been tied down at least until bond 25, while the same writers have produced the script.
the attributes that make up the mind are debated .
but there is a danger even here that their specialisations may distort our view of anderson’s work as a whole.
"this is a short letter," her mom said.
the stone may be displayed on a wooden base that has been carved specifically for the stone .
do you want to read this book ?
hence we may speak of leslie’s principle: if any reported event meets all four of these criteria, then its historicity is certain.
on 25 september 2017 , he was hospitalized due to liver failure .
the records available to analysts stretched back for five years.
“allowing private companies to register geographical names as gtlds to reinforce their brand strategy or to profit from the meaning of these names does not serve, in our view, the public interest,” the brazilian ministry of science and technology said.
women had a high status in ancient egypt and enjoyed the legal right to own , inherit , and will property .
this objective was further encouraged when he read a copy of descartes’ unpublished manuscript, le monde (at, vol.
hyperoliids range from 1.5 cm to 8 cm in body length .
honey badgers are intelligent animals and are one of a few species known to be capable of using tools .
there are 670 bird species in rwanda , with variation between the east and the west .
natural selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey .
why did he lie to her?
he turned off his computer.
actually, it was quite cheap.
in this case, the death of the one is an essential means to the achievement of the end and so his death is strictly intended.
the domes were often placed directly above the main prayer hall .
deutsche said its net profit attributable to shareholders for 2020 was 113 million euros ($136 million), which compares with a 2019 loss of 5.7 billion euros.
his wealth was reflected by the beautiful furniture in each room , which was from different parts of the world .
from 2012 to 2013 , viewership decreased from 613,000 to 571,000 .
although rl had some successes in the past [141, 129, 62, 93], previous approaches lacked scalablity and were inherently limited to fairly low-dimensional problems.
japan has more than one traditional system for counting years , including
there are many different varieties of quartz , several of which are semi-precious gemstones .
france began his literary career as a poet and a journalist .
constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of the primary design objectives , and mathematically the construction takes advantage of the butterfly effect .
at the war 's end , jack returns home to a hero 's welcome .
others suppose that there is no available lexical ordering of such a sort, and that the matter is left to unaided ‘judgement’.
those fishermen only use nets .
the justice department said on friday the appeal lacked merit.
germanicus ' campaign had been taken to avenge the teutoburg slaughter and also partially in reaction to indications of mutinous intent amongst his troops .
a common-use facility or terminal design disallows airlines to have its own proprietary check - in counters , gates and it systems .
“what a morning.
but some philosophers think that 15bi and 15biii are not necessary truths and the relevant necessary truth that we can know a priori is that the essence of any type of matter is given by the basic elements of which it is composed.
many titanic passengers drowned .
the bat used by the batter can be made of wood , aluminum , or composite materials such as carbon fiber .
strong bad has been one of the most popular characters in the series , and has been well received .
the hippocampus has a generally similar appearance across the mammals from monotremes such as the echidna to primates such as humans .
how can you be closed?"
i'm sorry, but you really can't.
while the trustee is given legal title to the trust property , in accepting title the trustee owes a number of fiduciary duties to the beneficiaries .
she would be happy to read his letter.
a boiler room brawl is a match where two wrestlers fight in a boiler room .
for people who are unwilling or unable to take drugs regularly , injectable long-acting preparations of antipsychotics can be used .
finally , the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes .
news of the killings came as the local coordination committees, an umbrella group for the opposition, said 19 of its loyalists had been killed, including two children.
despite the huge numbers , there are only about 120 modern species in 20 genera .
he wondered why peas were green.
dogs love belly rubs .
after the committee’s hearing had ended, feinstein strongly endorsed the nsa’s main domestic programme.
16:08 it's very good!
on may 22 , 1933 , chinese and japanese representatives met to talk the end of the fight .
passes are synced between ios devices using icloud , and os x 10.8.2 and later also support opening passes to be sent to users ' ios devices .
another reason offered is that the debate about truth-value realism is of greater importance to both philosophy and mathematics than the one about platonism.
i love to eat cake.
it will be a new kitten.
what's more, research has shown us conclusively that treatment is prevention.
applications of this argument form were widespread in the hellenistic age, and the stoic logician chrysippus wrote many books trying to solve it.
﻿it began with a bogus scallop, but a menu scandal that has engulfed some of japan’s most prestigious hotels and department stores now threatens to undermine the international reputation of the country’s vaunted cuisine.
because oxygen is more electronegative than carbon , carbonyl compounds often have resonance structures which affect their reactivity .
there were multiple butterflies around the flower .
there is a teacher from france .
an electric locomotive runs on electricity as the name suggests .
australian mists are okay with being picked up and held .
lej has a long history of targeting the hazara shia community in pakistan.
as the world races to avoid catastrophic climate change, and countries, states and cities work to meet ambitious emissions goals, these policies could also have a big impact on the future of transportation, spurring everything from zero- and low-emission vehicles to apps that encourage more walking, biking and carpooling.
i asked him to leave .
there are typically fewer state senators than there are members of a state 's lower house .
these drugs may affect your balance .
chaplin has also acted in several spanish and french films .
during fall, traditional farmers harvest their produce, and the aforementioned falling leaves change to gorgeous orange, red, and yellow colors; these colors are generally associated with autumn itself, in turn.
on june 5 , 2018 , the company announced his retirement from the company due to his declining health .
title v includes various other extra rules .
you borrowed $100 from me 30 days ago.
are your hands cold ?
the library has a chess room that houses a wide range of materials on the history , study and practice of chess .
photos: aftermath of superstorm sandy it also focused attention on how romney would handle such a disaster if he were to defeat obama in what is expected to be a very close election.
how to help after the superstorm cnn's rachel streitfeld, kevin liptak, tom watkins and mike m. ahlers contributed to this report.
many accidents and catastrophes have resulted from microsleep episodes in these circumstances .
alvin plantinga concludes “that this piece of natural theology is ineffective” (1967: chap.
the kids were less cranky after eating lunch .
things that do not exist at any particular place and time are often considered abstract .
the breeding cycle of the lyrebirds is long , and lyrebirds are long-lived birds , capable of living as long as thirty years .
but it will be a kitten.
this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size .
although it is toxic in large doses , selenium is an essential micronutrient for animals .
he didn't want to watch tv.
kiruna’s rust-red wooden church, built in 1912 in a form that recalls the indigenous sami teepees, and once voted sweden’s most beautiful building, will take pride of place in a new park, while the cast- iron bell tower will stand once again above the town hall.
the film received generally favorable reviews .
may was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus of type 1 in november 2012 .
dormice are small rodents , with a body length of between 6 and , and weighing between 15 and .
since they were being presented in utrecht as examples of cartesian philosophy, descartes recommended various changes, both to avoid needless controversy (for example, concerning blood circulation) and, more importantly, to avoid accusations of heresy against himself or regius.
the two emergency appeals on new year's eve came her way because the cases originated in western areas of the country -- colorado and utah -- that fall under her jurisdiction for reviewing time-sensitive federal motions.
what was he doing, she wondered.
the swedes have been granted consular access to the man and have visited him, the officials said.
in 2013 he was shot and wounded during his bid for the presidency .
﻿nobody knows which came first: the economic crisis tearing greece apart or shisha, the drug now known as the “cocaine of the poor”.
appears (erscheint), is at least quadrilateral.
blackmail is an indictable -only offence .
the city has both professional and amateur sports teams , and a number of venues where they are based .
in america, the holiday, although acknowledged by the vast majority of the population, isn't federally recognized; no time off work is granted for valentine's day.
tomorrow she will go to four different shoe stores.
those are two sides of north korea -- deliberately frightening and inadvertently comical.
counting the number of asl speakers is difficult because asl users have never been counted by the american census .
higher-capacity zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability .
ditko was found unresponsive in his apartment in new york city on june 29 , 2018 .
that there were some tensions between tempier and the theologians is attested by giles of rome, a contemporary witness of the events of 1277: he claimed that some articles were condemned not on the basis of the advice of the masters, but rather due to the “obstinacy of a few.” this observation has been taken to concern tempier, but it might also have included some of the “wise men” who had assisted him.
i'm baking a chocolate cake.
search engines also often make web pages they have indexed available from their cache .
the winning team gets 3 points .
independence day is a national holiday marked by patriotic displays .
she put the plate on the counter.
the church had 61,000 members in 700 congregations in 2009 .
latino special interest groups, a core democratic party constituency, have criticized the administration for its aggressive deportation policy as it struggles to find a long-term solution to the immigration issue.
after that, no more flu shots for her.
these frogs do not have the adhesive toe disc cups found in the tree frogs .
the water did not go down the drain.
many of the problems contemporary readers encounter in anderson’s work result from his relative international isolation.
the ancient greeks set up colonies as did the romans, the moors, and the ottomans, to name just a few of the most famous examples.
the first allotments in the town were sold in 1840 .
the river was utilized primarily for agriculture by early european settlers .
millions of barrels of oil are used in the manufacture of plastic bottles and the transportation of mineral water across the planet produces even more carbon emissions.
she died on 12 february 2019 , at the age of 79 .
your research must have gotten a lot of attention from the scientific community .
the book was his first detailed demonstration of the power of natural selection , and explained how complex ecological relationships resulted in the coevolution of orchids and insects .
an important advantage of hydroelectric dams is their ability to be used as a peaking power plant .
with the start of the soest district in 1817 its influence slowly rose .
if something sounds too good to be true, it usually is," he said.
brazil said its views were endorsed last month by other members of the amazon cooperation treaty (bolivia, colombia, ecuador, guyana, suriname and venezuela).
"i never get a flu shot, but i never get the flu," she told her friend.
edward was very tired.
under a project called olive, the researchers have archived mystery house, the original 1982 graphic adventure game for the apple ii, an early version of wordperfect, and doom, the original 1993 first person shooter game.
he learned exactly what to do when there is an earthquake .
new york city's board of health voted thursday to ban the sale of sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces in restaurants and other venues, in a move meant to combat obesity and encourage residents to live healthier lifestyles.
i tried to teach them to answer job interview questions successfully .
generally, though, he thought both were, what he called, ‘second order activities’, or products of the reflective mind at ‘play’.
when tommy got home, his mom asked, "where's debby?"
“in the first few days, i was up late at night feeding her and i was worried i was doing something wrong.
when they are ready to reproduce , the adults leave the host , and sperm from the males penetrate the bodies of the females to achieve internal fertilization .
chick 's views have been spread mostly through the tracts and , more recently , online .
it is time for nasa to turn over the low earth orbit work to industry while nasa focuses on getting humanity to mars, following in the tracks of robotic rovers spirit, opportunity and curiosity.
brute nature is without feelings or discernment, whereas humans can judge, draw distinctions, and dare the impossible.
writing down what i eat takes the pleasure out of eating .
hawit only succeeded jeffrey webb in may 2015, after webb was arrested as part of the us operation that threw fifa into crisis and precipitated the downfall of sepp blatter.
daniel wanted to see the animals.
ben must like his new car a lot .
he put the note in an envelope.
her doctors cannot help her.
it is a multidisciplinary approach that combines the principles of biology, medicine, and engineering to repair and/or regenerate a damaged tissue and/or organ (malhotra et 2 j. dev.
epenthesis arises for a variety of reasons .
like quinoa, the andean grain, teff’s superb nutritional profile offers the promise of new and lucrative markets in the west.
exercising more will help you to lose weight .
in december 1912 , workers at a local quarry uncovered a crack in the rocks with warm air coming out .
the uk environment secretary, elizabeth truss, said: “food is the heart and soul of our society and this data not only shows what we were eating 40 years ago but how a change in culture has led to a food revolution.
it depends on the bookstore you go to though.
“yoga is an invaluable gift of india’s ancient tradition.
it is claimed that thales went much beyond such particular attributions and endorsed a true panpsychism and pantheism.
this leaf has some holes in it .
other italian cities, he observes, are rife with class conflict between the great men and mass of the people.
a winger or wide player refer to a non-defender who plays on the left or right sides of the pitch .
if it crashes again , call the computer technician .
he was succeeded by his son hethum ii .
in many countries where fgm is common , almost every woman and girl in the country has had fgm .
the next steps, mason said, are studies of other cities, which have begun in paris, são paolo and shanghai, and continued studies of new york, for instance to see how the microbiome changes with the seasons.
the project 's source code is has a mit license .
in what mason called “the first city-scale genetic profile ever”, his team found meningitis at times square, a trace of anthrax on the handhold of a train carriage and bacteria that cause bubonic plague on a rubbish bin and ticket machine at stations in uptown manhattan.
he couldn't see his feet anymore.
although benzodiazepines are very effective at treating alcohol withdrawal , they should be carefully used .
when chris christie praises president barack obama as outstanding and incredibly supportive, you know something extraordinary has occurred.
i need almost all of them.
are we going to the park today, mom ?
he stood up.
five exotic animals once owned by a zanesville, ohio, man who let loose dozens of animals last year before committing suicide will be returned to the man's widow friday, the ohio department of agriculture said.
she looked at the front yard.
the hotel okura chain – whose guests have included barack obama – confessed myriad sins, including injecting beef with fat to make it juicier and incorrectly describing tomatoes as organic.
in the event the electron absorbs a quantity of energy less than the binding energy , it will transition to an excited state .
chinese records show that in 188 ad the comet reached apparent magnitude 0.1 .
islamic philosophy enriches the tradition, developing two types of arguments.
anderson would have replied imperiously as he did to gilbert ryle’s “representationist” criticisms: “that is nothing to me”.
the number of chromosomes is 40 .
some students did not attend the revision session last week .
see a doctor , or the infection may get worse .
shuttles were originally passed back and forth by hand .
china has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization .
i do n't know what to do about those noisy neighbors .
no one knows the answer.
there will be a full course dinner at amanda 's birthday party .
there are usually fewer state senators than there are members in a state 's lower house .
he picked up his toothbrush.
the movie was a flop .
reintroduction is the deliberate release of species into the wild , from captivity or relocated from other areas where the species survives .
limestone is often used in cement .
basketball today is played by more than 300 million people worldwide , making it one of the most popular team sports .
in 2009 the commune had 677 inhabitants .
polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for insect species that undergo multiple mating seasons each year .
the above equation makes use of information on the composition of parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material being tested cooled below its closure temperature .
the number of homeless people worldwide has grown steadily in the past few years .
there are currently 14 teams playing in the del .
the dough is just ordinary bread dough with yeast as a leavening agent .
it was a blackbird.
they don't like math.
tits are active , noisy , and social birds .
she does n't know what she is doing .
as marc tracy points out in the new republic, it's historically insensitive and ignores the tapestry of cultural clashes and political calculations going on.
around the middle of april , the regular season ends .
the ruined walls of the observatory are a prominent feature on the summit .
in “spongebob is a better role model than superman”.
that should be enough, dear.
the class was free for homeless people.
rasmussen has encouraged nato members to be more agile in order to respond to 21st century threats and to continue to invest in military technology despite the global economic downturn.
it is difficult to nominate exactly when naturism started as a movement .
nevertheless, there are textual and charitable reasons to resist this reading (ameriks 1978, pereboom 1995; patricia kitcher 2011: 115–60; vinci 2014: 193–94).
at a campaign event changed to a storm relief effort in ohio, romney ignored shouted questions by reporters on whether he supported the federal emergency management agency's role in disaster relief.
a new town square is already under way, 3km to the east, with a circular town hall planned by danish architect henning larsen, while 20 key buildings have been identified to be dismantled and resurrected piece by piece in their new home – like an ikea flatpack on a grand scale.
other influential trends in the nineteenth century were the romantic vision of organic growth in culture, hegel’s dynamic account of historical change, and the theory of evolution.
well, hopefully you can see me pitch today.
wecyclers is a response to local waste issues, where it’s estimated that only 40% of the city’s rubbish is collected.
in the eastern, northern, and central portions of the country, winter snowfall can be considerable; in the western and southern portions of the country, winter snowfall is highly unlikely, but temperatures nevertheless drop from their usual.
he always got a strawberry milkshake .
like chinese , japanese implements extensive use of chinese characters , called kanji in japanese .
chinese authorities have blamed followers of the dalai lama for instigating the unrest that has swept tibet.
several climbed onto the roof.
but the president made clear he did not expect another bitter budget fight and shutdown in 2014.
however , palaeotempestological research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia .
this study sought to determine the willingness to pay (wtp) for the restoration of the park attributes using discrete choice experiment.
it's to see if your teeth are okay.
artesian wells were named after the old province of artois in france , where many artesian wells were drilled by carthusian monks from 1126 .
the main goal of this study is to analyze how one can extract information about the characteristics of a collapsing object (its mass and radius) from the observed spectra and light curves.
agriculture’s portion of gross domestic product dropped from 21.1% in 2017 to 19.7% in 2018.
she didn't talk at the dinner table.
for a fixed energy flux, jets with higher specific energy (longer cooling times) quench more effectively.
altogether , this fauna is massively dominated by large herbivores and generally lacks terrestrial carnivores .
both inside and outside the clinic, pregnancy is treated as a medical event requiring intense risk management, monitoring, and appeals to expert medical knowledge: pregnant women are expected to regulate and monitor their eating, drinking, fetal kicks, weight gain, sleeping position, emotions, exposure to basic household products, exercise, sexual activity, and many other aspects of their lives according to standards established by medical professionals (kukla 2005).
tidal stream generators are the cheapest and the least ecologically damaging among the three main forms of tidal power generation .
the discussion to come often merges these questions, the assumption being that if equality is valuable, that is at least one good reason for thinking one should bring it about.
we believe, however, that such a theory is possible.
i 'm asking our aviation subcommittee staff and faa to thoroughly review what happened.
racism, a myth of racial superiority, is a striking feature of the culture promoted by the regime.
snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food .
in 1907 , residents of the town decided to incorporate .
the road was built as part of a redevelopment of the area in the 1900s .
the colonial intellectual and political leaders in the 1760s and 1770s closely read history to compare governments and their effectiveness of rule .
meanwhile, germany’s ruling coalition parties on wednesday agreed a batch of additional measures to support those hit hard financially by the covid-19 pandemic.
as chess became more popular in the second half of the 19th century , the term began to be given out by organizations .
english has developed over the course of more than 1,400 years .
there have been fights .
my tooth is loose .
to jacobi’s contemporaries, who lacked the background knowledge of jacobi’s special relationship to goethe, and were even unaware of goethe’s authorship of the second poem, their inclusion in the volume remained a mystery to the end.
“economic growth really is critical, but not just any old growth,” shepherd said.
it looked good.
frequently two types of sports competition are played in this rural community , volleyball and cricket .
the announcement steps up the philosophical battle between al qaeda and isis about how the dream of the caliphate, to which muslims the world over would owe allegiance, is achieved.
one in four men who call the emotional support charity samaritans mention loneliness or isolation and get connected is a free confidential helpline for young people, where they can seek help with emotional and mental health issues often linked to loneliness.
the weather was not warm either.
she turned 100 in september 2017 and died on 19 january 2018 .
the lake has a length , from northwest to southeast , of 22 km ; its maximum width is 12 km .
para-alpine skiing classification is designed to give insurance equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical and seeing powers .
they differ from giraffes as their ossicones are from different bones .
the diving featured 136 athletes representing 25 countries .
historically , a constable could also be someone in charge of the defence of a castle .
gemma got free potatoes from her neighbors .
if a state controls the economy but is not in turn democratically controlled by the individuals engaged in economic life, what we have is some form of statism, not socialism (see also arnold n.d. in other internet resources (oir); dardot & laval 2014).
this created a bottleneck in the german advance .
many cultures have an oral law , while most contemporary legal systems have a formal written organization .
"what's behind the door?"
this meaning often extends to a wider range of activities such as education or physical and mental health care.
she turned off the tv.
you need to try harder in school!
she will win a race one day.
the european spadefoot toads are small - to large-sized frogs , up to 10 cm in length , which are often inconspicuously colored .
she landed on the nest.
faculty plural faculties (n) all the teachers who work at a university norman brown was in the english faculty for twenty years.
by 1600 , rockets were being used in various parts of europe against cavalry .
twenty - eight merchant ships with more than 34000 st of cargo were sunk or destroyed .
recently, an entire summer’s worth of rain fell in one morning on detroit, overwhelming its outdated sewerage systems.
in consideration for several months , a corporate foundation has been established in september 2011 .
"guess what, mama?"
that is the world where they are from .
eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times .
they were good.
i’m not worried about an imminent invasion of 'rat multiborgs'.” very little is known about how thoughts are encoded and how they might be transmitted into another person’s brain, so that is not a realistic prospect any time soon.
the oldest parts of the building have been dated by dendrochronology to 1094 .
a similar calendar found nearby at villards d'heria is only preserved in eight small fragments .
2016; hiroshima et al.
volumes soon appeared on civil society and the public sphere, focusing on the ways in which people organized themselves and developed public power rather than on the ways that the state garnered and exerted its power.
the show helped launch the characters into mainstream popularity and became one of the most popular animated series in television history .
mood and emotions at work are related to job satisfaction .
the first significant written record of britain and its inhabitants was made by the greek navigator pytheas , who explored the coastal region of britain around 325 bc .
the meaning of this title has been disputed .
he is a man whose life has been mostly lived abroad .
(driving licence required.)
you want to become a citizen.
would you make some more coffee ?
he and his wife mary have three children and , as of july 2016 , six grandchildren .
in a simple example , the two bromine atoms in 3 - tert- butyl- trans - 1, 2 - dibromohexane mutarotate by heating .
but putin is still no hitler, because he lacks the german fuhrer's global vision.
it's better than not doing it at all.
the truck had a metal arm.
[5][6] though no record of his work survives, writings of later indian mathematicians suggest that he found a number of special cases of the taylor series, including those for the trigonometric functions of sine, cosine, tangent, and arctangent.
i'm just a dog," said the dog.
roussimoff died in his sleep of congestive heart failure on the night of january 27 , 1993 , in a paris hotel room .
the origin of supermassive black holes remains an open field of research .
a move in which a wrestler jumps or falls down on an opponent driving their elbow into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
“you should wash your hands,” he said, “and probably get some sleep and eat salads and go to the gym, and that’s about the same today as it was yesterday.” “if anything,” he added, “i’ve become much more confident riding the subway.” many findings made sense: heavily trafficked stations like grand central and times square had more bacteria and more diversity among them; the subway was most enriched for bacteria associated with skin.
it makes sense that you should not have to be hauled into court tomorrow for a fender bender you got into with your 1977 amc gremlin... in 1977.
crystals are regular arrays of atoms , and x - rays can be considered waves of electromagnetic radiation .
"no," she said, "now my left arm hurts a lot."
the mean of a list is all of the numbers added together and divided by the amount of numbers
some kids slept.
i and thou was first translated into english in 1937 by ronald gregor smith and later again by walter kaufmann.
the eight - year war ended in a tie .
there are many kinds of systems .
atomic physics primarily considers atoms in isolation .
he asked them what to do.
what's the title of the textbook?
mutchler believes some of the misses came from people not updating their facebook page when they moved out of their parents’ home, for example, to go to college.
usually , such drives will be custom-stamped with a company 's logo , as a form of advertising .
i walked through the slush in my boots .
buber’s best-known work is the short philosophical essay i and thou (1923), the basic tenets of which he was to modify, but never to abandon.
thinking about the impossible will keep you agitated .
i was so worried when i heard this.
bombards were replaced by weapons using smaller caliber iron shells with more powerful gunpowder .
gender diversity at twitter, as elsewhere, is n't a priority because people make reasonable decisions about what they believe will be profitable and successful: twitter is looking for experience and expertise within a comfort zone.
i hope the class is interesting, at least.
there will be consequences .
straight rail was played professionally in the us from 1873 to 1879 , but is uncommon there today .
you're just jealous, because i'm having a good time, and you're not.
the nice gentleman went out of his way to give me his umbrella .
the only time a flying lizard comes to the ground is when a female is ready to lay her eggs .
he almost died of hunger .
small memories on or close to the cpu chip can be made faster than the much larger main memory .
they wish they could be happy .
the main economic activity of the municipality is agriculture and some livestock , tourism and trade with haiti .
the narrow coastal plain rises rapidly into several mountain ranges .
all hardcovers have the contents of the comics with the covers .
not all adults are always correct in what they do or say .
hypereutrophic lakes are very nutrient - rich lakes with frequent large algal blooms and low transparency .
the magazine’s editor, rachael jolley, said: “existing copyright laws don’t work in the digital age and risk criminalizing consumers.
of knightly extraction , it has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265 .
the fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft .
blobfish are often caught as bycatch in bottom trawling nets .
"i know," said mom.
english has changed and developed over time .
“in order to analyze the colour of the blood, the consistencies (of body fluids) or smells, we’ll need to keep on with the conventional cut,” said lars oesterhelweg, deputy director of the institute of forensic medicine at the charité hospital in berlin, which is using a version of the virtopsy.
chinese authorities put the death toll at 19 and said most of those killed were innocent victims -- han chinese targeted by tibetans.
almost 50 floats are in the rose parade every year.
nevertheless, in the sixteenth century, colonialism changed decisively because of technological developments in navigation that began to connect more remote parts of the world.
skipper died of complications caused by a stroke on 23 april 2019 , at the age of 61 .
the restaurant reopened five months after the massacre , but closed permanently on september 9 , 2000 .
a large part of what is at stake in the debate is the relationship between divine action and creaturely action.
construction of the track started in march 1909 .
no, it's not.
at the other end of the spectrum , the 15 percent of humankind in the developed countries have 80 percent of global income .
the project will also include 420 to 470 units of housing , about 80 percent of the units will be condos and 20 percent will be apartments .
it was summertime.
there are many forms of liver disease .
the ground hosted its first test match on 25 may 2007 where the home team played india .
deutsche’s shares, which were up 3.6% in early frankfurt trade, were trading 1.3% lower at 0815 gmt.
good morning jason.
crafting this so-called strategic concept had been a top priority of the meeting, which rasmussen last month deemed one of the most important summits in the history of our alliance.
he broke all the current speed records .
these principles systematize non-consequentialist ‘common morality’, and foot puts these principles to use in her treatment of abortion and euthanasia.
an incremental backup only copies the data that has changed since the last incremental backup .
the major difficulty in the use of natural gas is transportation .
hard - boiled eggs are completely cooked .
i love it!
according to chapron and his colleagues, the big-carnivore revival shows the success of a “land-sharing” model of conservation – in stark contrast to keeping predators and people apart by fencing off “wilderness” areas, as occurs in north america and africa.
perjury is a serious crime because it might be used to take away the power of a court , which can lead to punishment for the wrong person .
he had climbed 10 out of 14 eight - thousanders , all without supplementary oxygen .
the mice froze, demonstrating a typical fear response, even though they had never been shocked while there.
she was not a mother.
computer architecture is the combination of microarchitecture and instruction set architecture .
which canadian cities have you visited ?
louis finds fashion interesting .
polonium is highly dangerous and has no biological role .
some of the latter think that the distinction between “there is” and “exists” is rooted in ordinary language, but others deny this firmly (see, for instance, geach 1971).
he put the scissors on the table.
the first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds .
the most important part of the temple was the sanctuary , which typically contained a cult image , a statue of its god .
that's not so bad.
anyone attracted to such a view must tell some special story about seeming extrafictive truths (brock 2002).
one method , more obscure than most , is round half alternatingly .
we’ve got to get out of the habit of governing by crisis.” as he left the lectern after his wednesday night press briefing, the president was asked by a journalist whether the crisis would happen all over again in a few months.
no, what happened?
he wants to live a long time, too.
however, there is no disaggregated data that would indicate the level of orange fleshed sweet potatoes (ofsp) and the white fleshed sweet potatoes (wfsp) production.
a demonstrative argument produces the wrong kind of conclusion, and a probable argument would be circular.
sally decided to change her life by moving to europe .
imps are often described as mischievous more than seriously threatening , and as lesser beings rather than more important supernatural beings .
if you ever need to talk, my door is open.
the forest is known in the region for its bluebell carpet .
if we were musicians , wow ... would n't that be great ?
in a step towards even more capable agents, drl has been used to create agents that can meta-learn (“learn to learn”) [29, 156], allowing them to generalise to complex visual environments they have never seen before [29].
the blade probably penetrated several centimetres into his brain and, said the human bones expert jo appleby, he would have been unconscious at once and dead almost as soon.
he had never liked it.
sodium bicarbonate may be used to neutralize liquid spills of phosgene .
she did not see the man in the moon.
he gave her a loving look .
the medicines and healthcare products regulatory authority had already invited manufacturers to cooperate by opting for voluntary regulation in june 2013 in advance of what it still hopes will be compulsory across europe.
but now brazil is once again in crisis, with a constant rise in prices, so people are finally reacting.” comparisons have been drawn with rallies in turkey and elsewhere.
ophiuroids in general are mostly scavengers or detritivores .
she makes this argument by appeal to a broadly lockean view regarding substance.
she won the contest.
he liked to talk at the dinner table.
the highlighted countries qualified for the final .
a tigrinya syllable may consist of a consonant -vowel or a consonant - vowel - consonant sequence .
a person with astraphobia often feels fear during a thunderstorm even if there is a low chance that they will be hurt during the storm .
okay, here's $2.
i am impatient in heavy traffic .
the first letter gave an account of the conversation jacobi had had with lessing on the subject of spinoza during his visit to wolfenbüttel, and included the text of another poem of goethe — the prometheus, one that had been the occasion of the conversation in the first place.
did you two fall asleep?"
jury selection in his trial is scheduled to begin monday in salt lake city.
my sister likes to cook with my grandmother.
her fingernails were too long.
regardless of the venue , musicians usually perform on a stage .
a goal of compiler and processor designers is to identify and take advantage of as much ilp as possible .
in the wake of the fairly upbeat reports, goldman sachs lifted its payrolls forecast by 75,000 to 200,000.
“we want everyone to be who he and she is – whether they are gay and lesbian or stand up to violence and are then victims of harassment.
the boy riding his bike was hurt .
i do n't think the world has ever seen such a drastic economic downturn as we have experienced in the last few years .
since the explosion of science studies in the 1960s, more attention is now paid to the nuances of scientific practice.
since hummingbirds are specialized nectar-eaters , they are tied to the bird- flowers they feed upon .
about 30 inuit elders, entrepreneurs and high-school pupils turned out one night to help correct such problems.
"where is my yellow pencil?"
jamie 's mother glared at him across the room when she noticed that he was not paying attention to the speaker .
that building is the pakistani embassy .
some services , such as muzicons , combine emoticons and music player in an adobe flash - based widget .
is god trying to tell me something, he wondered.
the actors whom the press often hounds are paying a high price for their fame .
the most remarkable change is in time spent talking on the phone.
in reconstruction of brain circuits [2]; analysis of mutations in dna [3]; prediction of structure-activity of potential drug molecules [4], and analyzing the particle accelerator data [5] [6].
there are two types of adverbs , primary and secondary .
“we request government staff from all departments not to attend work from monday,” said activist min ko naing, a veteran of the demonstrations in 1988 that first brought suu kyi to prominence.
all of these cuts will fall disproportionately on people of color.
no one could find the dog or its owner .
some dimensions of the medicalization of pregnancy do not directly involve medical interventions.
foot believes that this makes abortion seem like rescue ii, whereas the unhooking of the violinist is like rescue i.
but right now it is summer time.
because there were no international regulations , each ship was left to develop its own practices .
just get your pole.
a: can you help me, barbara?
the honey badger has a fairly long body , but is thick set and broad across the back .
can you count money?
all of it?
in english , these trees are called planes or plane trees .
though the shock at the slaughter was enormous , the romans immediately began a slow , systematic process of preparing for the reconquest of the country .
they usually go swimming in the river nearby .
nervous about what, kimberly?
he said to come back tomorrow.
by the late 19th century , scientists found that air could be turned into a liquid and the compounds in it could be isolated by compressing and cooling it .
but if his work played any role in this renewal it was only indirectly through the work of his student d. m. armstrong.
acute hospitals are those intended for short -term medical and / or surgical treatment and care .
it received city rights in 1249 .
for example, in the same paper schrödinger noted that it may happen in radioactive decay that the emerging particle is described … as a spherical wave … that impinges continuously on a surrounding luminescent screen over its full expanse.
if he lived in a house, he could let the dog go out the door and into the yard.
researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques native to molecular biology but increasingly combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
four photopigment opsins exist in teleost fish , reptiles and birds .
why is the sky blue ?
it is the smallest of its genus and has many primitive viverrid characteristics which are lost in the larger species .
good morning, jennifer.
there were two parts to the operation .
the federal structure of russia includes 83 regional parliaments .
i get to put on the frosting.
they had big, red noses.
i wish we could go again .
what will you pay me with—bananas?"
when people find specific impulse , the only fuel counted is in the rocket before it gets fired .
"sugar will give you energy."
for most common functions, the function and the sum of its taylor series are equal near this point.
sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture's governor, although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court.
how about a movie?
para-alpine skiing classification is the classification system for para-alpine skiing designed to ensure fair competition between alpine skiers with different types of disabilities .
only drivers with an official security clearance can use special fast lanes to avoid the wait.
although certainly quadrupedal , the posture of horned dinosaurs has long been the subject of some debate .
nitromethane is added to the fuel for more power and to make the engine easier to tune .
ultimately, it believes authorizing a form that passes the ball to another entity still means contraception coverage for its employees and that, to the nuns, is objectionable on moral grounds.
on june 5 , 2018 , the company announced his retirement from the company due to declining health issues .
well, here is my last $10.
many electronic paper technologies hold static text and images indefinitely without electricity .
michael ibsen, the canadian-born furniture maker proved to be the descendant of richard’s sister, heard the confirmation on sunday and listened to the unfolding evidence in shocked silence.
people injured in the crash were taken to the hospital .
hello, is this mr. smith?
the car sat parked in front of the house .
obama signed the necessary legislation to fend off a default shortly after midnight on thursday after a republican split in the house of representatives.
(2011), fao (2012), befikadu and frank (2015) argued that land management practices in ethiopia have fallen far below expectations and land degradation mainly caused by erosion remains widespread in the country.
as a seasonal folivore and frugivore , the proboscis monkey eats primarily fruit and leaves .
that was the day when she knew her life had changed .
in lateral approximants , only the center of the tongue touches the roof of the mouth .
you can take pictures of the pages you need.
the international yard is exactly 0.9144 metres .
she went to libraries around the us, found the physical letters of the people involved and reconstructed their conversations.
the structure of a gene consists of many elements of which the actual protein coding sequence is often only a small part .
at the beginning of the 19th century the building was sold and partly used as a restaurant .
the elephant has a long trunk.
along with the site's 16 cemeteries and mausolea, they are essential to the preservation of the identity of the people of mali and of our universal heritage.
do you want to go drink?
until recently , people thought only vertebrates had electroreception .
“but with such actions, authorities are only sweeping the problem under the carpet,” said poulopoulos.
the title of chess expert is not awarded for life .
for how much?
television viewing among 16- to 24-year-olds has been dipping each year since 2010, but 2013 was the first year where researchers found viewing fell across all age groups.
another prisoner sleeps in the top bunk bed.
there is nothing more to the story than what i have already told you .
later ornithopods became larger , but never reached the huge size of the long-necked , long-tailed sauropods which they largely replaced .
kant’s proposal is that an object is “that in the concept of which a manifold of a given intuition is united” (b137).
dad said, "why don't you clone him?
scientists measure the sensitivity of the earth’s climate to greenhouse gases by estimating the temperature rise that would be caused by a doubling of co in the atmosphere compared with pre-industrial levels – as is likely to happen within 50 years, on current trends.
it was time to cook dinner , so she went into the kitchen .
because of their abundance , seamounts are one of the most common marine ecosystems in the world .
the term imperialism often describes cases in which a foreign government administers a territory without significant settlement; typical examples include the scramble for africa in the late nineteenth century and the american domination of the philippines and puerto rico.
she gave them pillows and blankets.
the eyes are below them, and are round, orb-like organs that allow humans to see.
lynx prey largely on small to fairly large sized mammals and birds .
laws retired in august 2016 and was diagnosed with cervical cancer one month later .
the study therefore recommends that agricultural extension agents and other agricultural insurance stakeholders should sensitize crop farmers on the significance of crop insurance policy.
to them, its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi is confronting the apostates and building the caliphate, while al-zawahiri talks.
the song received polarizing reviews from music critics .
a factoring system was created for para-alpine skiing to allow the grouping of classifications into three general groups : sitting , standing and visually impaired .
breeding in this family begins at the start of the rainy season .
that one is fun!
al-assad has not been able to crush the opposition, and opposition seems nowhere near to dislodging al-assad.
thompson's property is about two miles outside zanesville, which is east of columbus along interstate 70.
her wheelchair was on the front porch.
by contrast, it's been a long time since al qaeda central has carried out any attack of note.
he is a key figure in landscape painting , and painted many works .
these birds feed on nectar from flowers using a long extendable tongue .
tor is an man one inch tall who can not fall asleep no matter what he tries .
when we say that we understand this text, we mean that our attempts to interpret it (whether rigorously, as in scholarship, or more casually, as in evening reading) have gotten at something, perhaps: that in politics, prudent reasoning is not always persuasive enough to stem the tide of war.
they're just notes.
the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of randa slim.
breckinridge ordered his field officers to make an inspection of the troops and to report back with the condition of his army .
this is something which needs to be said .
the sulfuric acid is reused in place of the sulfur trioxide to leach more zinc oxide .
gravitational lensing studies of the bullet cluster are claimed to provide the best evidence to date for the existence of dark matter .
as artillery developed technically , almost all guns of any size could be moved at some speed .
the move, obama said, was to spur putin to walk the walk, not just talk the talk in resolving the crisis in ukraine.
session keys can introduce complication into a system .
among the chief menu misdemeanours was a red salmon 'caviar' dish that turned out to be the less sumptuous eggs of the flying fish.
after mating has taken place , males perform various actions to prevent females from mating again .
no one seemed to notice.
choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who practices this art is called a choreographer .
a young girl describes her special bond with her grandfather over four seasons .
diamond is a well known allotrope of carbon .
the character has appeared in many adaptations of the comics .
barzee, 64, pleaded guilty in november 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor in federal court and was sentenced in may to 15 years in federal prison.
“you have to be willing to get your hands dirty during the build process and inspections.
in books five through seven, he addresses this challenge, arguing (in effect) that the just city and the just human being as he has sketched them are in fact good and are in principle possible.
take a seat wherever you like.
since 2011, the city has mandated comprehensive sex education in public schools.
"just pick any pet you like," said paul.
secondary cells are rechargeable , and may be reused multiple times .
he is a man whose career has been long and successful .
a similar calendar found nearby at villards d'heria is preserved in only eight small fragments .
monk parakeets are very intelligent and social birds .
she always preferred soy beans over anything .
symbolically , spires have two functions .
britons are spending a smaller proportion of pay on food today – 11%, compared with 24% in 1974.
they are also used as pollinizers in apple orchards .
she was friendly.
sotomayor issued an order that, for the moment, stayed a requirement under the sweeping health law for certain religiously affiliated groups to ensure that employees receive coverage for contraception at no cost.
if their train is delayed, for instance, they can access a city bike, take a shuttle or rent a vehicle through a car share programme using the same pass.
where is my money?
i said i'm not comfortable talking about that.
she would wave to people on the sidewalks in pasadena.
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 480 to 484 .
teasel is considered an invasive species in the united states .
camellia plants usually have a rapid growth rate .
as he was trying to catch the ball , he sprained his leg badly .
was something in his pillow making the red spots?
the airport resides at an elevation of 313 ft above mean sea level .
we 've seen that movie too.
i have to be getting home.
on each usual episode , a celebrity guest came on the show with a secret .
would it be next year?
shall i teach you to dance ?
if they had found any more survivors , they would have taken them to the hospital .
plant terpenoids are often used for their scent .
green cardamom is one of the most expensive spices by weight but little is needed to impart flavor .
planned parenthood, an advocacy group and provider of reproductive health services and education, said wednesday in a statement that the ads propagate stereotypes and fail to address the societal problems that lead to teen pregnancies.
special types of stairs include escalators and ladders .
the keys are in your drawer.
stories from refugees who have escaped from north korea are a chilling reminder that the regime is not just a military threat, it is causing a terrible humanitarian crisis.
these six divisions join up again to become the three cords .
since the children are so quiet , they must be asleep already .
two investigations have been held by the british government .
she turned on the cold water faucet.
i wish i knew why this website was taking so long to load .
not all of the people who live in that area need critical financial support .
knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques .
dotrice died on 16 october 2017 in london at the age of 94 .
you may start the test .
instead of thinking in the federal budget, what we should cut -- we should ask ourselves the opposite question.
timbuktu, which has a population of about 50,000, is held by at least two rival groups who have been involved in a northern uprising against mali's government, headquartered in the southern capital of bamako.
‘not necessarily’ because the subject could also be, for instance, a group of some kind.
they did n't know when they were supposed to leave the stadium so everyone ended up lingering .
other forms of synesthesia have been reported , but little has been done to analyze them scientifically .
flamsteed calculated the solar eclipses of 1666 and 1668 .
eel ecologist the job: conserving the critically endangered european eel what it involves: to monitor the size of the endangered eels, ecologists wade into the thames and other london rivers and marshes full of eels, sometimes up to their armpits, and reach into a net ﬁlled with up to 20 adult eels to grab one with their bare hands.
amanda was pleased to see all of the residents happy in her newly built apartment .
instructs the server to return information about the administrators of the server specified by , where is either a server or a user .
i got it at a store at the mall.
they stood in line for four hours.
on tuesday, the gop candidate showed little inclination to address the matter.
pharmacoepidemiology bridges pharmacology and epidemiology and borrows their methodology from both of them .
the show also has slang not used in today 's culture .
he did not live in this neighborhood.
i have a younger brother.
on your vehicle, it is possible that the accelerator cable may prevent the throttle from returning to the idle position, possibly resulting in elevated engine speeds while driving, ford's letter to customers read.
he has stated that the president's executive action on immigration, on hold pending a circuit court review, sets a horrifying precedent.
the largest animals usually eat first , while the smaller ones eat later .
some of the results were expected, mason said, including some bacteria associated with fecal matter, which he said “should be a gentle reminder for people to wash their hands”.
the japanese counterattacks against the american beachheads , as well as the fierce fighting , had exhausted the japanese .
just as temperature increase speeds up reactions , temperature decreases reduce them .
on 29 august 2016 , he was reported to be in intensive care after suffering a stroke .
these institutions managed to survive long after the lepers disappeared, and thus an institutional structure of confinement was already in place when the modern concept of madness as a disease took shape.
with a population of just 12 inhabitants , july 2018 , it is the smallest municipality in switzerland .
that would be great!
a related example is the multiset of solutions of an algebraic equation .
work executed with more or less large stones put together without any attempt at courses is called rubble walling .
and, despite the downward trend in most member states of adult smokers, the world health organization figures show worrying upward trends in a number of our member states of young smokers.
i am a researcher in applied corpus linguistics .
“the crisis has created a widespread sense of pessimism,” said poulopoulos.
the answer, like the cloistered hermit kingdom, remains largely a mystery, as does much of its nuclear program.
a call from the target individual’s phone to another number was one hop.
the posture of these dinosaurs has long been the subject of some debate .
they were so scary.
“the people of kiruna have been living in limbo for ten years,” says viktoria walldin, a social anthropologist who works with the architects.
additionally, access to credit and a high level of specialization influenced farmers to source planting materials from local vine multipliers.
the book suggests that consciousness can be considered separately from the brain , which provides a basis for claims of reincarnation .
in 1863 , there was a design contest for a new building for the museum .
majority 96.7% of the respondents were eager to participate in crop insurance but 3.3% of the respondents were not willing to take part.
what would you do if you were me ?
canada is also home to many indigenous languages .
the doctor said don will die.
what's the matter?"
the conference happens every year from december 28 to january 1 .
typically, its advocates do not specify a clear concept of the ‘natural’—for example, they have no account of why prescription pain medications are ‘unnatural’ while acupuncture or pain-relieving herbs are ‘natural’.
i would love to live in a house like this one .
the family - to - family program provides general information about mental illness and how it is currently treated from a medical model perspective .
flare stars are intrinsically faint , but have been found to distances of 1,000 light years from earth .
i have a promotional code (mh2219).
despite these protests , the film was critically acclaimed , with praise directed towards its dialogues and the actors ' performances in particular .
from another side this novel is a mixture of thriller and fantasy .
i do n't remember exactly what he said , but i do remember he was quite angry .
“we are not as divided as our politics suggests,” he said.
electroreceptive animals use this sense to find where objects are .
in some tests, the team has already achieved more than 80%.
in some cases , voice- tracking is done in order to give station employees the flexibility to carry out other responsibilities .
he may want a better salary .
the fight was about money.
the windows and walls were covered with brightly colored art from the children .
this species may be seen flying from april to october in the south , while in the north it flies from summer to early fall .
what is swat valley ?
actually, that's exactly what i'm saying.
experimental psychologists have argued that the strive for broad and simple explanations shapes learning and inference (lombrozo 2016).
multi-use tickets allow travel more than once .
mother wants us to help her .
the baby kept crying .
the poem 's structure is divided into five sections .
no matter what anyone thinks , remember what you think is the right thing to do , and do it .
she asks him to do something one time, and she doesn't ask again.
on 8 july 1680 , hooke observed the nodal patterns associated with the modes of vibration of glass plates .
so that she knows you are here today.
underwear is worn for a variety of reasons .
since measurings begun in 1905 , several november records for deep snow were broken .
he has a talking dog .
it was built to last a long time .
americans also have been at the forefront of the global human rights movement for generations and consider ourselves a leading example for others of a rights-respecting society, even if we still have much work to do to improve our record.
put them on low heat for thirty minutes.
they are very small frogs , only 5 cm in length .
have you seen hers ?
it is the smallest of the closer uranian moons , estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter .
dear sarah, how are you?
in africa, desertification is causing the sahara to spread south at a rate of 30 miles per year, threatening settlements in northern mauritania.
the bus schedule changes in the evenings .
he came from a broken family.
let's do it again sometime," his friend said.
police officers patrol on trains and stations , and police posts are available at some stations .
college athletics attracts many students .
it is, george.
zoo officials encourage lawmakers to pass a bill quickly to ensure public safety and protect the welfare of animals, the columbus zoo and aquarium said in a news release.
we can fall.
researchers have also found illusory superiority in relationship satisfaction .
he took them to school.
she must come from a very different cultural background from ours .
we only have a few more days until we go on vacation .
i remembered to wash my hands.” but, for mowat, the worst part of the job is deﬁnitely not handling the eels – he believes baby eels (known as elvers) are “as cute as pandas”: “the worst thing about the job is regularly learning how much damage we, the british population, are doing to the environment.” job satisfaction: “getting to work outdoors and seeing british wildlife up close is the best part of the job,” says mowat.
the band has seen many changes to personnel .
only use qualified electricians .
the kids are in class.
conversion to the human era from julian or gregorian ad years can be achieved by adding 10,000 .
yet another prominent example of an introduced species that became invasive is the european rabbit in australia .
the average depth is 1744 m and the greatest depth is 4735 m .
a flounder 's food is mainly fish spawn , crustaceans , polychaetes and small fish .
strategic bombing was used in world war i , though it was not understood in its present form .
a police car chased rodney.
jutbring has been an active supporter of feminism and equal opportunities for women .
she was getting drunk.
tlr signaling leads to the induction or suppression of genes that orchestrate the inflammatory response .
the game 's multiplayer is planned to allow 64 players .
it was small.
do you have a restroom?
“climate sceptics like to criticize climate models for getting things wrong and we are the ﬁrst to admit they are not perfect,” said sherwood.
the british prime minister, david cameron, who is cutting short his trip to europe to return to london following the news, said: “it was with great sadness that l learned of lady thatcher’s death.
the monster whom harry killed was voldemort .
in contrast , the procedures of the diet of japan have moved away from the british parliamentary model .
political forces should understand the anxiety of the libyan people, who expect effective solutions for their daily concerns and problems, bernardino leon told reporters.
casual khaki colored pants are called khakis .
she said she had $20,000 in her purse.
the memory for events that evoke a particularly strong emotion may involve both declarative and procedural memory processes .
pius v died on 1 may 1572 .
jaspillite is also a sedimentary rock . in certain lead-zinc ore deposits .
have a baby girl and a baby boy."
he ran without wearing proper shoes .
scruffy, machine-gun toting militiamen mill around the square, often used for televised pro-regime rallies with civil servants bussed in en masse to chant slogans under giant banners of president bashar al-assad.
– which we expect to be more aggressive,” said mark palmer, financials analyst at btig research.
thus, on this view, self-awareness requires no awareness of outer things.
the athletes gathered in kona for ironman .
the limit is 15 books.
in his victory speech in chicago, obama referred to the long queues to vote and said there was a need for electoral reform.
the chessboard on the top of the cabinet was thin enough to allow for a magnetic linkage .
on - shore and off-shore winds can be extremely strong , as the lake warms and cools more slowly than the land .
a similar process may occur when powerful false memories are created in humans.
these four discoveries had a profound impact on the development of civilization throughout the world .
beans are very healthy and nutritious .
while there have been reports that offices of local libraries have been looted by the gunmen, no significant losses of the documents have yet been reported, according to eloundou.
at the 2000 united states census , there were 297,490 people , 108,984 households and 78,359 families residing in the county .
for the second day in a row, the head of the u.s. joint chiefs of staff called on china to use its influence instead to rein in north korea to prevent a full-blown crisis.
bnpl models vary, with some companies earning most profits by collecting fees from merchants at the point of sale, and others charging interest and late fees to consumers.
rise up takes place every year from december 28 to january 1 .
adding to science and technology has happened throughout the country 's history .
“now i can sleep through anything.” and, the risks are multiplying even closer to home.
fruit maturity is not always apparent from the outside as the fruits remain green until they are overmature or rotting .
there must be a reexamination if the majority of the students scored less than 40 % on the test .
he took his jacket off.
for baron and many others, leonardo bruni (1369–1444) was regarded to be the paragon of italian civic humanism (hankins 1995: 327; witt 2003: 392–442), the exemplar of the synthesis of humanistic study and public engagement: he served twice as the chancellor of florence and was intermittently employed in administrative posts by the papacy.
the police lost control outside the ground, where 24,000 liverpool fans had to be funnelled through just 23 turnstiles, so duckenfield ordered a large exit gate to be opened and a large number of people to be allowed in.
the 20th century , however , brought the need for a more precise definition .
time fuzes detonate after a set period of time .
large parts of the world remained plagued by largely preventable or treatable infectious diseases .
before the dawn of man and beast , immortals waged war against each other in heaven .
pregnancy and childbirth have become increasingly medicalized in most parts of the world since the early twentieth century.
come in, please.
our rowboat is gone !
in warfare , the long term strategy is the defeat of the enemy .
it's hard for me.
stubing died on 3 july 2017 in rome , age 76 .
what were all those red spots on his face?
the weather was cold.
how many children do you have ?
after 1998 , he began suffering from both weight - control problems and injuries .
five hundred miles per hour is very fast.
there was a stray dog sleeping between the buildings .
the test run for the iqaluit mapping exercise occurred last summer in cambridge bay, a much smaller nunavut town of about 1,500 people located 1,700km and a time zone west of iqaluit.
the scientist leading the research said that, unless emissions of greenhouse gases were cut, the planet would heat up by a minimum of 4c by 2100, twice the level the world’s governments deem dangerous.
he founded several educational institutions both in german - and french-speaking regions of switzerland and wrote many works explaining his revolutionary modern principles of education .
at the 2001 census , the population of the civil parish was 20,309 , remaining similar at the 2011 census .
she was given a sentence of one to 15 years, to be served concurrently with the federal sentence, and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody.
“humans are cutting down trees more quickly than they can regrow, harvesting more fish than the oceans can restock, pumping water from our rivers and aquifers faster than rainfall can replenish them and emitting more carbon than the oceans and forests can absorb,” he said.
there are over 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis in the united states per year .
they had a fight.
no terrestrial globes from antiquity or the middle ages have survived .
an attack in which a wrestler brings the knee up to hit the opponent under the chin as if performing an uppercut .
as an elliptical galaxy , messier 49 has the physical form of a radio galaxy , but it only has the radio emission of a normal galaxy .
health.com: exercise tips for people with type 2 diabetes nomura and her colleagues followed 212 ethnically and socioeconomically diverse children living in queens, new york, 10 % of whom were exposed to gestational diabetes.
where should we meet?
wormholes are a common element in science fiction because they allow interstellar , intergalactic , and sometimes even interuniversal travel within human lifetime scales .
his teacher said, "you're welcome.
there are many causes of kidney disease .
no one was hurt.
it has 50 white stars.
we took the cable car up the mountain .
nothing has grown in our garden since we spread very powerful pesticide .
in contrast, the gas-phase nh3 abundance stays constant as a function of position in low-mass pre- and protostellar cores.
if you were in my shoes , what would you do ?
these new synthetic marijuana products are not an example of effective legal regulation, but an example of underregulation.
if we had known , we 'd have come .
the most important part of the temple was the sanctuary .
it is very unlikely that a universe would exist uncaused, but rather more likely that god would exist uncaused.
anatole france start his career as a parnassianism poet .
when was this built ?
author(s) agree that this article remain permanently open access under the terms of the creative commons attribution license 4.0 international license 2 j. dev.
nepal is composed of seven provinces .
in the petition, the association describes itself as a leading organization of legal immigrants mainly comprised of people from china.
untreated streptococcal pharyngitis usually resolves within a few days .
treacher died on 30 april 2018 at the age of 93 .
she had never felt an earthquake.
i have to leave class early tomorrow.
by finding the derivative of a function at every point in its domain, it is possible to produce a new function, called the derivative function or just the derivative of the original function.
the instructor said, "yes, we teach adults how to swim.
she died in the street.
carme did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as jupiter xi .
in 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing construction .
she needs new paint brushes for painting .
detectors designed for modern accelerators are huge , both in size and in cost .
polymorphism is common in nature ; it is related to biodiversity , genetic variation , and adaptation .
we are ready, teacher.
sandra opened the shell.
goaltenders are not permitted to serve as captains during games .
she pointed it at the tv.
truly, star wars is the ultimate movie brand.”
fire salamanders are found in most of southern and central europe .
resistance to the japanese occupation continued in the philippines .
few people liked her .
for many years , many scientists thought that the frontal lobe was comparatively larger in humans than in other primates .
like other true members of the family , its surface is made up of silicates and some nickel -iron , and is quite bright .
what movie would you like to see?
nominalists of this type are committed to the slightly odd-sounding view that, although the ordinary mathematical statement (1) there are primes numbers between 10 and 20. is true, there are in fact no mathematical objects and thus in particular no numbers.
the thymus is largest and most active during the newborn and pre-adolescent periods .
dubbed america's toughest sheriff, arpaio makes many of his county's 10,000 or so inmates live in tents.
if the fetus is bombarded with excess blood sugar, energy normally used for nervous-system development could potentially be diverted to absorb that excess, nomura says.
after world war ii , european integration was seen as an antidote to the extreme nationalism which had devastated the continent .
william moore didn't trust the idea of marriage.
since cholera became common in the 19th century , it has killed tens of millions of people .
this essay belongs squarely in the philosophical tradition of existentialism but camus denied being an existentialist.
however, companies regularly draw executives from outside their own industries -- sometimes, yes, even women -- when seeking senior-level and board positions.
flame ionization detectors are used very widely in gas chromatography because of a number of advantages .
you didn't put in all your effort.
roberta and i baked a pie made from fruit .
i'm looking for a different car park.
before your father goes in to get his surgery , you should go talk to him and give him comfort .
﻿setting aside epic disaster-movie moments such as volcanoes, hurricanes and earthquakes, there are two key natural factors that can make a city vulnerable to gradual disintegration or even total disappearance – water and sand.
named because it resembles a ladder , the ladder frame is the simplest and oldest of all designs .
in the 1970s , olympic athletes were required to be amateur .
phytohormones are found across the plant kingdom , and even in algae , where they have similar functions to those seen in higher plants .
a pinscreen is a white screen perforated with thousands of pins in small holes .
the best-known version is the soul food version , which uses fried chicken .
he is our age.
unadjusted claims decreased 23,525 to 816,247 last week.
they sleep in the bedrooms.
production in 2020 tumbled 6.4% to 11.47 million bpd.
michael bociurkiw, an osce spokesman in kiev, called it a welcome development.
in short, isis traipse through iraq represents a serious organizational, strategic, and ideological blow to al qaeda, analyst barak mendelsohn wrote in foreign affairs in june.
you and your family were amazing hosts.
his campaign has widened divisions in the country with islamist and anti-islamist camps.
the inner ear is made mostly of the cochlea .
each indian state has its own management directorate for panchayat towns .
are you sure it's safe, dad?
the uterus is supplied by arterial blood both from the uterine artery and the ovarian artery .
a monkey climbed on my shoulders .
the math problem left him astonished .
the river 's total length is 2400 km and its drainage basin totals 534739 km2 in area .
hume (1748) attacked both the view of causation presupposed in the argument (that causation is an objective, productive, necessary power relation that holds between two things) and the causal principle—every contingent being has a cause of its existence—that lies at the heart of the argument.
leopoldo alas remains a rather enigmatic figure in the spanish literary world , leaving a legacy that encouraged the search for god and humanism simultaneously .
coinciding with the start of the confederations cup – a world cup test event – the rallies brought together a wide coalition of people frustrated with the escalating costs and persistently poor quality of public services, lavish investment in international sporting events, low standards of health care and wider unease about inequality and corruption.
the university has a logo showing a white sunrise on a green earth referring to the sustainable development , a major theme of the university .
that's great, man.
she went back into her house.
have you seen my sneakers ?
"but the night is half over," he said.
he asked his mother.
it is difficult to talk to her peacefully .
perhaps kenya is the only country in the world with a national park in its capital city.
do n't you just wish that sometimes you could go into the stories you read and become one of the characters ?
my grieving sister just got herself a very cute dog to keep her company .
each september volunteers clean up the beach.
“but i will definitely remember this moment in internet history.” ($1 = 6.4664 chinese yuan renminbi)
a common example of this would be a person contracting a hit man , or a hired killer .
barium oxide is made by heating barium carbonate with carbon .
where is my pen, he wondered.
my car was damaged in that parking lot .
your younger brother must have anger management problems since he is always getting into trouble .
technology gives us the illusion of being constantly in touch with people, yet we shirk the real demands of friendship.
the british used parts of north america as a penal colony .
diodorus is a likely source or inspiration for this hellenistic preoccupation (see previous paragraph).
i won the bet .
x provides the basic components to build gui environments : drawing and moving windows on the screen and interacting with a mouse or a keyboard .
no guitar for a month.
the industry of the town was initially tied to the abundant fruit growing operation .
the first , simple optical printers were constructed in the early 1920s .
can you get the eggs, please?
both the panegyric and the laudatio explain the greatness of florence in terms of its self-governing political system.
grosics died on 13 june 2014 , aged 88 .
a longtime enthusiast for digital technology, mit professor sherry turkle, spoke of being on the cover of wired magazine when her book life on the screen was published in the 1990s.
"it's the mailman," the person said.
she sang the song while she walked to school.
he died doing what he believed in .
the first-line psychiatric treatment for schizophrenia is antipsychotic medication , which can reduce the positive symptoms of psychosis in about 7 to 14 days .
if she had known , she 'd have stayed .
aquinas has sometimes been interpreted as offering a positive answer to this question, sometimes a negative answer (see pasnau 2002: ch.
the man is too aggressive and dangerous to interact with .
as their children grow up, their likelihood of living in poverty increases according to jessica sheets pika, a spokeswoman for the organization.
xi), in 1641.
over the next few days , a psychological war ensues .
the main economic activities of the municipality are the same as the province : tourism , agriculture and fishing .
however, the state case against mitchell was put on hold when federal authorities stepped in.
with respect to immigration, i think president peña nieto has a very good understanding, frankly, of the state of play in the united states, a senior administration official said.
each photo captures a moment when something amazing happened .
company spokesman doug alder declined to comment.
she gives him a list of chores.
lithium oxide is produced by thermal dehydration of lithium hydroxide .
a number of medications are used to treat bipolar disorder .
this form is infrequent except in elementary arithmetic .
hot chocolate can be made with dark , semisweet , or bittersweet chocolate .
in the night , many watches and warnings were stopped .
go get one!
it was not until the late 1980s that interest was awakened in the old building .
democrats disagreed with the republicansassertion that labor unions are exempt from their legislation.
it feels good to get these assignments finished early .
your dog ate it?
in 2010 , he came out as homosexual , after previously describing himself as bisexual .
some were interviewed about a computer game never end , which they played for seven minutes, while others lied about playing it, having only been shown notes about it.
“we need to stop tobacco companies targeting young people with an array of gimmicky products and we need to make sure that cigarette packs carry effective warnings.” martin callanan, the conservative mep for north east england, said: “forcing e-cigs off the shelves would have been totally crazy.
superstorm sandy breaks records obama has avoided any direct political talk in recent days as the huge storm approached the eastern seaboard, canceling campaign events and focusing his attention on the administration's response.
(schrödinger [1935] 1980: 327) rather, it was that the “blurring” that the spread out character of the wave function suggests “affects macroscopically tangible and visible things, for which the term ‘blurring’ seems simply wrong”.
adults are rarely seen in the open , and often live in burrows that are usually two feet from the surface .
that's a great idea, but i think you'll get sicker if you go.
i found fifteen big shells last year.
there was a time when the idea of a flying car represented the height of innovation but the technologies being imagined and developed now could be seen as even more sophisticated – and more useful in tackling the social and environmental threats that we face over the coming decades.”
the streets flooded from the overnight downpour .
snow is used for some winter sport activities like skiing and sledding .
he loved to teach.
a number of tactics are used to win a race .
there 's not enough salt .
the song has been recorded by many other artists .
a computer program is written by a programmer .
sayani, 32, said the town would be able to use the maps as a promotional tool for those thinking of visiting or moving to the area.
he played his tiny video recorder.
in the 1930 season , the league considerably liberalized the passing rules , effectively eliminating offsides .
these people whom you oppose are very powerful .
before the early dynastic period , egypt was settled with small , separate villages .
north america’s oilfield services sector, which producers rely on to drill new wells, has been decimated, he said.
a consumer is a person that buys a good for consumption .
all- female bands are not restricted by mainstream genres .
jacobi, for his part, was intent on displaying his scholarly (and indeed more accurate) knowledge of spinoza’s philosophy.
the first ballads were created by british and irish settlers and convicts who brought with them the folk music of their homelands .
the hockey teams whom he follows are mainly from the western division .
no firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 406 ce to 410 ce .
she picked up the remote.
perhaps we can go some other time?
my answer is, it is always worth it to do the right thing.” he added: “this is not over.” however, the political deal was one of the worst of all possible outcomes for republicans.
most american judges were once lawyers .
for reasons only made explicit in later writings, foot rejects consequentialist views of value, including utilitarianism.
carol would never be her best friend.
bullet design also affects what happens when a bullet hits an object .
they 'd be angry if she had gone too .
primary injuries are caused by the explosion 's shock waves .
this table gives a summary of the differences between the different schedules .
“the un predicts that we must increase food production by 70% by mid-century.
the doors must be locked by midnight .
as of 2008 , the best published cryptanalysis on the twofish block cipher is a truncated differential cryptanalysis of the full 16 - round version .
autumn (or fall), more than being a simple precursor to winter, is one of the most beautiful and exciting seasons.
a separate and distinct range of questions concerns whether or not people ought to act to bring about equality or are obligated to bring about equality (see nagel 1991).
income is strongly correlated with quality of prenatal care .
the participation of the internet companies in prism will add to the debate about the scale of surveillance by the intelligence services.
in 2005, american historian doris kearns goodwin wrote team of rivals: the political genius of abraham lincoln, describing how lincoln hired those who ran against him for presidency.
typically unitary authorities cover large towns or cities , which are large enough to be independent of county or regional administration .
i like the foreign language books.
do you have a purse as small as this ?
the throwback uniforms would have an impact on future seasons in the nhl , as several teams adopted throwbacks as alternate jerseys .
some paramedics are trained to respond to what is called mass casualty incidents (mci).
chemical vapor deposition is also a widely used high temperature method for the preparation of coatings and semiconductors from molecular precursors .
i don't have a computer at home.
shoeman died in an act of suicide by refusing to eat or drink at a retirement center in south africa at the age of 77 .
iconoclasm may be carried out by adherents of a different religion , but it is more often the result of sectarian disputes between factions of the same religion .
they fly very well.
she drove fast because she wanted to get there on time .
casino royale, whose rights had been individually sold off by fleming in 1955, eventually passed to eon in 1999 as a result of an agreement between eon’s backers, mgm, and rival hollywood studio sony – thereby clearing the way for the 2006 version.
the dog was brown.
take it from me , you are much better off thinking about all the things in life you are grateful for than complaining about things that upset you .
immediately after their senate confirmation , the emperors went to the camp of the praetorian guard .
then he turned the page.
his wife had died.
barack obama was a great president .
7209 , 7210 , 7308 and 7348 have all been destroyed in accidents .
i'm completely swamped with work.
regular events and art shows are often held on the island .
a few species that live in waters where the supply of food particles is very poor prey on crustaceans and other small animals .
the orbits of centaurs change from time to time because of interactions with the giant planets .
please get some cat food at the store .
would you like to make £200 a day selling cars?
what is in the mattress, he wondered.
the trip was fast , but the rate of people dying was the highest in the history of transportation to australia .
the first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century .
as emo entered the mainstream , it became a subculture .
have you seen my brown belt ?
the white stars are on a blue square.
the use of complementary colors is an important aspect of art and graphic design .
foods and beverages contain numerous aromatic compounds , some naturally present in the raw materials and some forming during processing .
people cannot agree if parents should appear naked in front of their children .
despite having many troubles during his reign , arshak ii was able to change many parts of his kingdom for the better .
they made her laugh.
she blew her nose again.
in the field of computer vision, deep learning became the center of attention after krizhevsky et al.
the dessert is believed to have been created in honor of the dancer either during or after one of her tours to australia and new zealand in the 1920s .
copies of closer magazine were doing brisk business on online auction site ebay, with one selling for £31.01, until the site removed all listings following “strong feedback” from its community.
more importantly, it is yet another blow to the united statesability to play a leading role in promoting freedoms and human dignity in the world.
the book has remained in print since its initial publication in 1971 , and has sold over two million copies .
it was big and round and white.
the supreme court consists of a president of the court and 8 judges .
emmy 's favorite animal is a fox .
classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known- plaintext attack .
linda is quite fond of collecting antique scissors .
my boyfriend showed me what to buy for my ski trip .
i like to wear my warm clothes in the fall .
i used to write for the local paper .
following its discovery , cupid was given the temporary designation s / 2003 u 2 .
louvers are rarely seen as primary design elements in the language of modern architecture .
within a decade, she had become known around the world – both admired and detested – for her pro-market domestic reforms and her implacable attitudes in foreign policy, including her long-running battle with the ira, which almost managed to murder her when it placed a bomb in the grand hotel, brighton, in 1984.
i do n't know who thought it would be a good idea to conduct the experiment today .
that was the best part of the newspaper.
the twins never got along and they were constantly arguing .
the bridge opened on december 31 , 1909 .
the eleven municipalities have special status equal to the rayons .
by the start of the 20th century , germany and the united states had begun to challenge britain 's economic lead .
i did n't know where you went .
english - language anime forums adopted those japanese-style emoticons that could be used with the standard ascii characters available on western keyboards .
purposive and three-stage random sampling methods were used in sampling.
the laboratory of 3d computer graphics and calculation investigates new algorithms to solve problems of processing and analysis of signals and images .
a feral population can damage an ecosystem by eating vulnerable plants or animals , or by competition with indigenous species .
hatchlings are about 1.5 cm long and weigh between 0.3 and .
some popular examples of the appeal to nature can be found on labels and advertisements for food , clothing , and alternative herbal remedies .
after the june 1976 protests he was cofounder of assurance to workers prosecuted by communist regime .
please sit facing me .
come on, lisa.
how can the progress of modern science and medicine and industry promise to liberate people from ignorance, disease, and brutal, mind-numbing work, yet help create a world where people willingly swallow fascist ideology, knowingly practice deliberate genocide, and energetically develop lethal weapons of mass destruction?
her brother didn't help her.
the currently accepted rules of ancient greek boxing are based on historical references and images .
our survey will cover central algorithms in deep reinforcement learning, including the deep q-network, trust region policy optimisation, and asynchronous advantage actor-critic.
you know what?
police arrested four men in connection with the attacks .
in the very late 1960s , people started inventing procedural languages .
flash drives use little power , compared to hard drives and have no moving parts .
let 's wait over by the badminton court .
matches where also be played on tuesdays or wednesdays instead of the normal thursdays due to scheduling conflicts .
birds don't have arms.
a 5.3% jump in shares of bayer lifted germany’s dax to one-month highs after the life science company struck a $2 billion deal to resolve future legal claims that its widely used weedkiller roundup causes cancer.
she did n't.
before you leave the house you must always check to see if the door is locked .
"can i pay half price for the room?"
he washed his hands with soap and water.
a swedish official in stockholm confirmed to cnn that the embassy in pyongyang is working on the case.
in such a case, it seems clearly preferable to minimize the violation of negative rights by turning the trolley (vv 27).
the sample frame for the study was derived from secondary data obtained from records of ondo state ministry of health on registered cocoa farmers who had malaria during the production season in 2015.
he picked up a piece of carrot with his fingers.
she turned on the radio.
gameplay revolves around the player purchasing food , cat toys , and furniture to attract a variety of cats to their home .
most stars are between 1 billion and 10 billion years old .
the presence of the shell under the sand is revealed by a keyhole - shaped hole in the sand , made by its siphons during suspension feeding for plankton .
richard is a light eater.
blue crabs are famous in this area .
being able to access digital content in the coming decades could be less of an issue than one of the 'fathers of the internet' has implied.
“real driving emissions (rde) is a totally new regulation that will force significant emission control hardware changes that may be demanded in the middle of a vehicle’s production lifetime,” said cara mclaughlin, a spokesperson for the european automobile manufacturers association (acea).
endgames can be studied according to the types of pieces that remain on board .
he talked to the man.
two years later, however, the person to do so met with disaster.
in november 1973 an envelope containing a lock of hair and a human ear was delivered to a daily newspaper .
these incidents led to reforms in the packaging of over- the -counter medications and to federal anti-tampering laws .
i do n't know how to make this any clearer .
the principle ‘don’t break your promises’can be expressed in various ways: ‘it is wrong to break one’s promises’; ‘all actions that involve breaking a promise are wrong’—and so on.
there are few characteristics common to all blues .
if he tried to stop suddenly , the brakes might lock .
he looks at the list.
has it already been finished ?
james had anarchist sympathies, connected to a general critique of systematic philosophy (see fiala 2013b).
i am so excited about tomorrow, mommy.
it is, betty.
buber always opposed philosophical monism, which he identified with bergson, and objected to “doctrines of immersion,” which he identified with buddhism.
a transport version of the stormer with a flat load bed is used to carry the shielder minelaying system .
would you return the borrowed book soon ?
but one can at least imagine a different kind of hermeneutic fictionalism.
particle- antiparticle pairs can annihilate each other if they are in appropriate quantum states .
deep reinforcement learning is poised to revolutionise the field of ai and represents a step towards building autonomous systems with a higher level understanding of the visual world.
they planned to go to canada .
these aforementioned characteristics are reproducing grounds for mosquitoes that in turn inject malaria parasites on the rural people.
next, jack watched tv.
spinning one rotor faster than the one opposite it causes the robot to tilt.
with the sines and cosines one can answer virtually all questions about triangles .
although it is rare , korats occasionally have striking or faint white markings or spots or even very faint grey stripes .
fool me once, shame on you, he thought.
often people use soaps and detergents to assist in the emulsification of oils and dirt particles so they can be washed away .
her mom said she was happy.
i need to check the baby 's temperature .
also, thank you for all the wonderful cooking you did.
what is sharia law ?
the province is divided into 6 districts and 12 municipalities .
carbohydrates are a food source rich in energy .
there is something to this reaction: nietzsche’s critique has a clear target and is developed at an extended scale, whereas his suggestions about alternative values can seem scattered or telegraphic.
this equation uses information on the parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material solidified .
raise my hand?
inversely, the vast majority of children dress in costume (halloween costumes can be based upon anything, from the mentioned supernatural creatures to the stars of today's films) and walk from door to door in search of candy—a practice known as trick or treat—on halloween.
she had only $1,000.
his mother said that was no problem.
the meeting was called to discuss why campus crimes have risen .
he was in a hurry.
fine, i admit you're right.
by 2002 , 36 states had repealed their sodomy laws or their courts had overturned them .
construction of the bridge started in september 1938 .
she asked him what he wanted for his birthday.
the history of law links closely to the development of civilization .
sica died of a heart attack in rome on 5 december 2014 , aged 65 .
the theologian john of pouilly reports that sixteen masters of theology were tempier’s assessors for the condemnation.
in the knockout stage , teams play against each other over two legs on a home - and - away basis , except for the one-match final .
the teacher loves picking on me .
regular events and art installations are a feature of the island .
during the twelfth century the area was marshland .
but he maintained neither he nor the organization was corrupt.
every day he tells his wife not to worry but i know she does .
the find was made under unfortunate circumstances .
in asia rice is a primary food for most people .
vervet monkeys serve as a primate model for understanding genetic and social behaviors of humans .
wet chemistry commonly uses laboratory glassware such as beakers and graduated cylinders to prevent materials from being contaminated or interfered with by unintended sources .
is james in trouble again?
drumrolls announce the beginning of the second tableau .
“the cuts we have witnessed are a false economy, a huge mistake,” said poulopoulos.
water abundances in the inner hot cores are high, but with variations from 5 × 10−6 to a few ×10−4 for low- and high-mass sources.
in the maldives, the populations of whole islands are now looking to abandon their homes.
the name used generally refers to the type of military activity that takes place at the base .
angel food cake needs the egg whites to be whipped until they are stiff , and carefully folded into the other ingredients .
then he walked back to the sidewalk.
the road was purpose- built as part of a major redevelopment of the area in the 1900s .
it can be disgusting and there is no room for mistakes.” job satisfaction: “i ﬁnd it immensely satisfying to know that i am helping people to increase their incomes and allowing girls to attend school by replacing the need to collect ﬁrewood,” says paudel.
he told her that he had a new car.
kiyoko missed eating rice during her trip .
while these antibodies are part of the immune system’s response to infections, “the best medical evidence has shown elevated igg levels do not suggest an allergy”, the guide says.
igneous rocks can be classified according to chemical or mineralogical parameters .
the electronvolt is often used in atomic , nuclear and particle physics .
in many countries , drowning is one of the main causes of preventable death for children under 12 years old .
lots of people got sick on the cruise ship .
such a balance is seen more simply in sickle -cell anemia , which is found mostly in tropical populations in africa and india .
a 2014 report by akamai technologies found average internet connectivity speeds to be around 10.5mbps in the us and 23.6mbps in world-leading south korea.
many parish churches , abbey churches and cathedrals are in the romanesque style , or were originally built in the romanesque style and have subsequently undergone changes .
they lowered their prices.
their song is mainly territorial : it communicates the identity and whereabouts of an individual to other birds of the same species .
traditionally , the japanese considered it disrespectful to call any person by his given name , and more so for a person of noble rank .
bullet designs have to solve two primary problems .
he wanted to see the pigs.
all across india, in the overcrowded cities, on whatever green space is left, similar scenes are being played out.
for this reason, understanding can be described as a ‘success’ of interpretation (even if, since heidegger, understanding is more commonly described as a fulfillment, realization, or enactment).
it was on top of the tv.
but his use of these terms is problematic for the uninitiated.
what do you want to do next year ?
his back was straight.
what college do you go to?
the bill is a direct challenge to one introduced by senator patrick leahy that would end domestic phone-records collection.
despite the name of the band , the members say they are not anti-religious .
all the parents were desperate for news .
ubuntu divides most software into four domains to reflect differences in licensing and the degree of support available .
limp vellum or limp - parchment bindings were used frequently in the 16th and 17th centuries , and were sometimes gilt but were also often not embellished .
magnesium is the 11th most abundant element by mass in the human body .
she may leave early .
i love it here.
﻿health warnings covering nearly two-thirds of cigarette packs and a ban on menthol cigarettes across the eu have come a step nearer following a vote in the european parliament.
﻿illegal downloading is a kind of “moral squalor” and theft, as much as reaching in to someone’s pocket and stealing their wallet is theft, says author philip pullman.
for low-mass protostars, a constant gaseous hdo/h2o ratio of ∼0.025 with position into the cold envelope is found.
the three amigos -- or, as they 're more formally known, the leaders of the united states, canada and mexico -- announced an agreement wednesday to work on a plan to streamline trade and travel, including border controls among the countries.
during the new library association 's first two years 75 volumes were purchased with an additional 150 donated .
shall i drop by the bookstore to pick up my textbook ?
the force of moral requirements as reasons is that we cannot ignore them no matter how circumstances might conspire against any other consideration.
the development of the area for tourism began in earnest in the 19th century .
it's called how to write well.
for more on what the republic says about knowledge and its objects, see plato: middle period metaphysics and epistemology, and for more about the discussion of the poets, see plato: rhetoric and poetry.
the surgery was successful.
for example, case studies of historical examples (e.g., the replacement of newton’s classical mechanics by quantum theory and theory of relativity) have inspired many philosophical treatments of scientific revolutions.
peoples died on 4 august 2018 , aged 70 .
the german people and troops disliked the idea of going against dutch neutrality .
blouses are more feminine than shirts .
naturalists reject appeal to such standards.
hold your pole over the water.
that restaurant has delicious crab risotto .
i believe it is critical that both commercial cargo and crew succeed for at least two reasons: first, nasa's proper role can be summed up in three words: explore deep space.
manby, who joined the company as ceo in 2015 to help the company rehabilitate itself, said he would set out his vision for the future of the company at a special event on 6 november.
the game has two types of single - player gameplay including a strategic map and battle mode .
but boer insists that the administration has learned from past mistakes and is not planning to house the antisocial together.
he looked for his pen.
sand flies are small ; a body size of about 3 mm in length is typical for many species , which aids them in escaping notice .
regina dugan, who demonstrated the robotic hummingbird and directs the defense advanced research projects agency, talked of research on a prosthetic arm controlled by thoughts alone, of sturdy cars built with metals lighter than styrofoam and of a robot that can run like a cheetah.
two ballets caused great excitement in paris in the 1830s .
i personally think $1 is nothing.
he could not find it.
most irish people who came to the united states during the 1800s lived in big cities where there were many other irish people .
state officials have no legal power to inspect the cages before the animals are returned, but they are hoping the local sheriff will seek a court order to inspect the farm to ensure the safety of the animals and the public, pitchford said.
what is the best thing you have ever done ?
we saw earlier that marx’s predictions did not come true on either account.
it was n't always thus.
choreography is the art of making dances , and the person who does this is called a choreographer .
first, medicalization has encouraged us to imagine pregnancy and birth as inherently high-risk, pathological processes that it is irresponsible to undertake without large amounts of expert help and surveillance.
federal officials said thursday more needs to be done to warn rescuers of special dangers at the scene of small plane crashes.
from 2012 to 2013 , viewership went up from 613,000 to 571,000 .
today , the local economy is mostly shopping and handcraft , with the largest employer being a clothing maker .
jane called lisa.
new zealand is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy , although its constitution is not codified .
croup is diagnosed based on signs and symptoms .
latin was the most important language in most of europe in the middle ages .
he saw a psychiatrist for his depression .
more than half of the original vegetation of the islands are cleared .
he pressed the leaf in the pages of an old book .
the province has 8 districts and 28 municipalities .
she had to provide some proof that she actually worked at the financial firm in 2012 .
by the 1920s , capoeira repression had declined .
it is the smallest of inner uranian satellites , crudely estimated to be only about 18 km in diameter .
it records changes in pulse, blood pressure, sweating and breathing to ascertain whether a subject is lying.
a considerable part of the area is irrigated .
there is an important discussion to be had about whether we should suppose that the targets of ontological arguments are atheists and agnostics, and that the goal is to turn them into theists.
san francisco-based affirm saw its revenue rise 93%, to $509.5 million, in the fiscal year that ended in june.
maria went to a restaurant.
mudrocks make up fifty percent of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record , and are easily the most widespread deposits on earth .
they sleep beneath one another.
no mobile phones, books or bags in the exam.
she still smokes every day.
thinking we are duty bound is simply respecting, as such, certain laws pertaining to us.
the people standing in line were quiet .
looking for a housemate single ensuite room available in our lovely three-bedroom house in didsbury.
later reception of the album has been mostly positive .
i thinks so.
it is a story about a world where wizards live .
she is okay now.
i have too many responsibilities.
sorry , she doesn't have any time today .
not every conjecture can be proven true or false .
it is used in the manufacturing of photographic film , engraving and lithography .
the researchers were happy to have finally found a new cure for that disease .
over the years she has worked in various genres including jazz and art song , but generally with a sparse and somber tone to it .
be prepared for blizzards in winter .
this campaign is part of the city's comprehensive teen pregnancy prevention program, which includes sex education, increased access to birth control and partnerships with community-based organizations, said samantha levine, deputy press secretary for mayor michael bloomberg.
why should philosophy be interested in what would seem to be a purely linguistic notion?
okin, nussbaum, and ackerly) and those who call for recognizing multiplicity, diversity, and intersectionality (e.g., spivak, narayan, mahmood, and jaggar).
time to get up.
several different explanations exist for the original name .
the dusty halo seen in images is sizeable , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent .
it had two dials on it.
bears do not have many predators .
his bird died suddenly .
why didn't the water go down the drain?
the atom is the basic unit of chemistry .
since the mid 20th century , citadels commonly enclose military command and control centers , rather than cities or strategic points of defense on the boundaries of a country .
my doctor often tells me to balance work and play .
your honesty is praiseworthy.
it has been over a year since the radiation levels have shown any changes .
an estimated 20% of under-fives are malnourished or suffer stunted growth.
i would have done it differently if i had known .
of course we will, david.
patricia kitcher (2011: 115–18) argues against the single premise about self-consciousness interpretation on historical and textual grounds.
not to mention the lowlights.
in the center of a village , the ground begins to open up and a strange green light emanates from within .
indeed, it was congresspassage of the americans with disabilities act in 1990 that paved the way for the international campaign for disability rights and which served as the standard for the treaty the senate rejected.
since those shoes belong to timmy so you must give them back .
hello, mr. smith.
“we treat the networks we have as incidental but they’re fundamental to our well-being,” says nicky forsythe, a psychotherapist and the founder of talk for health, a social enterprise that trains people to give and receive peer support in groups.
“since the dictatorship, brazilians never bothered to take over the streets.
i'll be back.
the side chains of the cell wall carry the bases responsible for the somatic antigen specificity of these organisms .
internet explorer has introduced a number of extensions to the dom that have been adopted by other browsers .
was there a problem between the school and your family in the past ?
of course, each strand of mid-twentieth-century, “classic” analytic philosophy has changed greatly.
we are looking for a good place to go on vacation .
lots of sports have a goalie .
newsam started to lose his eyesight in the year 1857 .
the first six of her novels gave little indication of the experimental and disturbing nature of her later work published after her detox treatment .
in a statement on the group's web site, fabian calls arpaio a modern day bull connor, comparing him to the public safety commissioner in 1960s birmingham, alabama, whose use of attack dogs and firehoses on civil rights demonstrators made him a symbol of racial intolerance.
the us forensic medical drama csi has already twice featured virtopsies.
upon starting the game , the player is invited to construct an avatar .
absolute value may be thought of as the number 's distance from zero on the real number line .
jared goodman, director of animal law for people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta), which has been leading campaigns against seaworld, said: “seaworld is in the midst of a spying scandal, animals are dying in its tanks and tens of thousands of people have opposed its bid to build a new orca prison so it should come as no surprise that seaworld’s quarterly earnings have plummeted yet again in the second quarter.
she was almost home.
it ate the food in the tree.
writing in the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences, mutchler describes how, on a shoestring budget, he and fellow graduate student, jonathan mayer, uncovered a wealth of personal information, some of it sensitive, about people who took part in the study.
on january 17 , 1995 , a magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurred at 5 : 46 am jst near the city .
in ancient egyptian mythology , the god chnum was said to have formed the first humans on a potter 's wheel .
there are two main seasons in ghana : the wet and the dry seasons .
wings help birds fly.
sugar died from cardiac arrest on march 25 , 2012 at age 75 .
the competition at this phase is organized by the county football associations .
the movie received negative review from critics .
fay went into the bathroom.
it is amazing how far the computers have come in development .
suppose that an advocate presents an ontological argument to a target.
what's happening now ?
a double knee is where a wrestler charges towards their opponent and strike them in either the head , chest or back with both of their knees .
lifeline has over 260 retail outlets around the country which sell a variety of clothes , furniture and bric-a- brac .
in the united states , about 2 % of people have chronic hepatitis c.
but there was one more thing the card must say.
saturn is a ringed planet .
can i have a nickel ?
because he always needed money , he raised taxes and sold towns .
teams are given up to four clues and must try to figure out the connection between them within 40 seconds .
each story is different from the others .
lithium carbonate is somewhat toxic .
to the lake, son.
punching bags have been used in martial arts and swordplay for the entire written history of military training .
rat snakes are commonly kept as pets .
also, do you have any accommodation for those dates?
construction began in 1871 of a bridge to be supported by brick piers resting on bedrock .
"row, row, row your boat" are easy words to remember.
she 's on the olympic gymnastics team .
it tastes good.
he said, "i'm sorry.
the ability to fly or glide has been suggested for at least two dromaeosaur genera .
they threw away what they could n't eat .
the seven pitches of any diatonic scale can be obtained using a chain of six perfect fifths .
this entry uses the term colonialism to describe the process of european settlement and political control over the rest of the world, including the americas, australia, and parts of africa and asia.
following its discovery , mab was given the temporary designation s / 2003 u 1 .
in the 19th century , water closets started to be more common than chamber pots , but chamber pots were still used until the mid-20th century .
the third is pro-poorest economic growth policies to ensure that the benefits of increasing national prosperity reach the very poorest people.
the triggers for precipitation of uric acid are not well understood .
she started to talk too much.
cephalocaridans are found from the intertidal zone down to a depth of 1500 metres , in all kinds of sediments .
in the late 1980s and early 1990s the number of cars attempting to enter each race was as high as 39 .
the seeds are extremely small and very numerous , in some species over a million per capsule .
the presence of water alters the characteristics of a volcanic eruption .
will you be there?
there is news in every city.
by comparison, the atomic bomb dropped on hiroshima had a yield of 16 kilotons.
the nipples of mothers are protected by the mother 's own skin oil to prevent drying , cracking , or infections .
the government announced that the people who were responsible would be found and punished .
over wet tropical regions, extreme precipitation events will very likely be more intense and more frequent in a warmer world,” said the report’s authors.
intraspecific competition occurs when members of the same species compete for the same resources in an ecosystem .
his landlord said no.
as of the 2011 testing season , exams cost $ 87 each , though the cost may reduced for poor students who cannot pay for it .
young children are far more likely to experience attention and hyperactivity problems if their mother develops diabetes during pregnancy and they are born into a poor or lower-middle-class household, a new study suggests.
he was talking to someone earlier .
their misunderstanding towards each other brought distrust into their relationship .
what kind of fabric is that ?
proponents believe the area somewhat corresponds to the historic county of barcelona , although its extent is considerably different .
these questions have risen to the fore in an arcane, but hugely important, debate about how to redraw the boundaries of the internet.
in this case, perhaps the most promising approach would be to argue that the criteria effectively rule out explanations other than the truth of the claim.
the related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization .
the piezoelectric effect is generally stronger in materials that also exhibit pyroelectricity , and all pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric .
summer is the warmest, the longest, and (arguably) the liveliest of the four seasons; students from kindergarten to college are given two or so summer months off from class, and to be sure, there are more young individuals out and about during this season than any other.
mother sends you her love .
type designers have called oblique as less organic and calligraphic than italics .
the stars were little lights.
no one else was wearing a hoody.
it 's good of you to visit your sick grandmother .
containerization has its origins in coal mining regions in england from the late 18th century onwards .
in contrast , a real image is one that is formed when the outgoing rays from a point converge at a real location .
barcelona is one of the most densely populated cities in europe .
this kind of self-presentation is not yet presentation of the self or the ego, which was not an issue for meinong.
the stage is empty while the music creates a thunder storm .
“as a result of growing up in the digital age, they are developing fundamentally different communication habits from older generations, even compared to what we call the early adopters, the 16-to-24 age group.” ofcom devised a “digital quotient”, or dq, test to put 800 children and 2,000 adults through their paces, which, rather than measuring intelligence, as an iq test would, attempts to gauge awareness of and self-confidence around gadgets from tablets to smart watches, knowledge of superfast internet, 4g mobile- phone networks and mobile apps.
above the western entrance is the face of the astronomical clock , which was destroyed during the 30 - year war .
in terms of fruit, most grocery stores offer bananas, apples, oranges, blackberries, raspberries, grapes, pineapples, cantaloupes, watermelons, and more; other grocery stores with larger produce selections might offer the listed fruits in addition to less common fruits, including mangoes, honeydews, starfruits, coconuts, and more.
the mayor, eberhard van der laan, insists his controversial new £810,000 policy to tackle antisocial behaviour is to protect victims of abuse and homophobia from harassment.
it flew through the air very fast.
the view may sound farfetched.
well, they won.
and, while tea remains the most drunk hot drink in the uk, households now spend more on coffee.
engineering ceramics are known for their stiffness , high temperature , and stability under compression and electrical stress .
if you wanted to talk to someone , who would you call ?
he added that there is an urgent need to seek a peaceful and mutually beneficial solution through dialogue.
he said that he would pay jack back in seven days.
this concept is useful when considering degenerate conics , which may include the cylindrical conics .
in some jurisdictions , schools are required to conduct regular tornado drills , though generally less frequently than fire drills .
the historical journal , a forum where academic historians could exchange ideas and publish newly discovered information , came into being in the 19th century .
do you want to trade?
gant says: “mendes managed to engage with both the modern and the traditional bond audience, and he also pulled in high-calibre actors like ralph fiennes.
perhaps foot’s most penetrating article on applied ethics is her “euthanasia” (1977).
she is a woman whom many people respect .
for an algebraic proof of this result , start with the equation
in figure 1, we showcase just some of the domains that drl has been applied to, ranging from playing video games [84] to indoor navigation [167].
people with intellectual disabilities are often not seen as full citizens of society .
historians have learned how the greatest mathematician of antiquity considered the concept of infinity and anticipated calculus in 3bc after the archimedes palimpsest was found hidden under the words of a byzantine prayer book from the thirteenth century.
but ryle seems to have a point in suggesting a generational gap that separated him from that earlier generation’s “pieties, lores, sagacities, equipments – yes, and fetishes too” (ryle 1976: 383).
naloxone is useful both in acute opioid overdose and in reducing respiratory or mental depression due to opioids .
of his next nine fights , rose won eight .
alternation of generations between a multicellular diploid and a multicellular haploid generation does not exist in animals .
the bus station has 19 stands on four platforms .
the robots are capable of learning trajectories and manueuvers that can enable them to literally fly through hoops -- and other confined spaces.
north korea denies it was responsible for the sinking.
the british are coming !
the hottest month is july , with an average temperature of .
kathy finished her sandwich.
the boiling point of a liquid depends on the pressure of the surrounding air .
i really like being the boss .
at the beginning of the 1940s , the track needed more improvement .
the sink was full of water.
i'm so happy to be doing this course.
thatcher made way for john major rather than risk losing to him in a ballot.
a baby sister?
i wish she could be there .
for a more comprehensive survey of recent efforts in drl, including applications of drl to areas such as natural language processing [106, 5], we refer readers to the overview by li [78].
tie the rowboat to the dock .
the swimming competition was held in the open sea .
the safety board cited five incidents since 2001 in which first responders and accident investigators who responded to plane wrecks were evidently unaware of the hazard of explosive components.
there's a huge rip here.
chocolate syrup is also used to top puddings and cakes .
from: amelia smith to: tim young subject: things to do for the team meeting tim, we have a team meeting in room 310 on friday 26 november at 11 a.m. we are expecting 25 members of our international team there.
this is judged to be one of the pivotal battles in the control of indian subcontinent by the colonial powers .
he signed up for a citizenship class.
bidding documents were sent to seventeen cities in mind for hosting a wrestlemania event between 2012 and 2014 , with fourteen replying in interest .
they have a car .
he discovered some comets , including periodic comet 22p / kopff and the non-periodic c / 1906 e1 .
but top of most people’s concerns is where they will actually live and what process will determine the housing allocation.
the aim of this survey is to cover both seminal and recent developments in drl, conveying the innovative ways in which neural networks can be used to bring us closer towards developing autonomous agents.
okay, but what about when the umpire calls a ball?
as a result, many ordinary voters in ex-soviet bloc states saw her as a bold champion of their liberty, a view widely shared across the spectrum of mainstream us opinion – though not at home or among key eu partners.
for road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three roads .
he is thought of as one of the most important architectural thinkers and urbanists of his generation .
it is a mechanism of horizontal gene transfer as are transformation and transduction although these two other mechanisms do not involve cell- to - cell contact .
in 1882 a police camp was set up that allowed a small settlement to develop .
mostly songs in this album are smooth and midpaced , while some are faster .
there was some controversy surrounding an immunity challenge in the final episode .
it is difficult to see you in pain .
the latter would be reason without an opposite, a free-floating power without definite shape.
the related term homodesmotic reaction also takes into account orbital hybridization and in addition there is no change in the number of carbon to hydrogen bonds .
there were 14 surviving cubs in 2008 and 15 in 2009 .
i 'm annoyed by the construction noise .
archeologists believe that the town was started in the 13th century .
keith henry, managing director of tokyo-based asia strategy, which advises businesses on japanese public policy issues, says the decision will force abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy.
completing the square can be used to derive a general formula for solving quadratic equations , called the quadratic formula .
english is my hardest course.
australia-based afterpay said it saw active u.s. customers more than double to 6.5 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2020, and its sales more than tripled in the july-september quarter from a year earlier.
ncsl: new state laws for the new year in new hampshire, starting january 1, minors will have to inform a parent before getting an abortion or seek a court order to avoid parental notification.
some books are original , but others have started as text copied from other sources of free-content textbooks found on the internet .
he has been staying for tutoring and his marks have skyrocketed!
but both brothers lied.
hana had an engagement ring on her finger .
each of these aspects requires elaboration.
iola has hot , humid summers and generally mild to cool winters .
he has been the ambassador to china for several years .
the story , and its main characters , attracted little public interest when it first appeared .
i printed my stuff for finals at home.
all the doctors got a flu shot.
wave heights in the scale are for conditions in the open ocean , not along the shore .
she did not have a daughter.
i told him the electric bill would be high if he left the lights on all the time .
tickets for the event commenced sale to the public on november 3 , 2007 .
structural engineering came to existence when the humans first started to construct their own structures .
[4] however, this of course led to a radical form of dualism, with a sharp metaphysical division between souls with their secondary qualities and bodies with their primary qualities.
too many families are experiencing 'two steps forward, one step back', where they struggle to recover from personal or bigger setbacks.
the researchers found marine bacteria at south ferry, a station that flooded during hurricane sandy – but they were surprised to note the species included some normally associated with antarctica and fish.
people witnessing the fire on the shinkansen were shocked and afraid and rushed to get out of the car .
in 1984 , when tjapaltjarri was about 25 , he finally came into contact people from outside his family .
i need the 21st edition.
i have to attend my mom's funeral.
she always wore fashionable coats .
for instance, the territorial state as political unit is seen by classical nationalists as centrally “belonging” to one ethnic-cultural group and as actively charged with protecting and promulgating its traditions.
the taxonomy and systematics of the sooty / pale-tailed barbthroat complex has caused much confusion .
people have been using metals for many purposes since prehistoric times .
their common name comes from the parrots ' strong , monogamous pair bonding and the long time the pairs spend sitting together .
i have come to a lot of games.
they know we will pick it up.
primary injuries are caused by blast overpressure waves , or shock waves .
exponentiation of a non-zero real number can be extended to negative integers .
doctors and nurses sometimes work in war zones .
the dog scratched at the door again.
if he wins, he could try to secure parliamentary immunity, or pass laws to exempt a serving prime minister from standing trial.
likewise, mrs. jones.
what are strikes?
the chessboard on the top of the box was thin .
modi, an ascetic who is a committed vegetarian and an enthusiastic yoga practitioner himself, suggested an international yoga day when speaking to the united nations on a visit to new york in 2014.
rainbands spawned near and ahead of cold fronts can be squall lines which are able to produce tornadoes .
construction is expected to begin by 2019 and operations will commence in 3 phases , from 2026 to 2028 .
test pilots must have an excellent knowledge of aeronautical engineering , in order to understand how and why planes are tested .
its name was announced as suttung in iau circular 8177 .
using the term geometric deep learning, bronstein et al.
sorry i was so gloomy today .
a number of other visiting diesel and steam locomotives have also seen service on the line .
beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before french became the dominant language .
and a citywide relationship abuse prevention program lays out the consequences of teen pregnancy and how to avoid peer pressure and coercion.
venegas began playing instruments at age 10 when her parents first sent her to piano lessons .
he denies wrongdoing and a trial is likely to take years.
she stood at the edge of the pool.
restriction enzymes probably evolved from a common ancestor and became widespread by horizontal gene transfer .
the paypal ‘pay in 4’ product in the united states does not report trades or late fees to the credit bureaus, said greg lisiewski, paypal’s global vice president of global pay later.
it was a comfortable sofa.
the orbital parameters of subhaloes are essential in determining their spatial distribution and mass-loss rates, and thus they are an important input to observational tests of the nature of dm.
he is best known for his 1837 discovery of purkinje cells , large neurons with many branching dendrites found in the cerebellum .
the site includes entries on various series and tropes .
the earliest european settlers to the district arrived in the 1840s .
i wish i could be there when she arrives , but i have another appointment .
he is not focused on his studies either .
oats are also commonly used as feed for horses when extra carbohydrates and the subsequent boost in energy are required .
the state department is working with the swedish embassy in the north korean capital, pyongyang, the officials said.
my little nephew is about waist high now .
weather disasters are also more likely in a warmer world, the report suggests.
do you know where the gym is?
victoria tried out the new , popular tomato diet .
i love the tea there.
another part of the machine 's exhibition was the completion of the knight 's tour , a famed chess puzzle .
chp is most efficient when the heat can be used on site or very close to it .
it is possible to fire a light machine gun from the hip , or on the move .
his arms were bent.
would you mind picking up mine too when you go get your coat ?
who is your favorite illustrator ?
"why aren't you coming to this art fair again?"
can you put gas in a car?"
have you ever been in a limo ?
it was made a municipal district on may 1 , 2003 .
she says that she can teach me.
another problem for several small businesses is the fact that much larger businesses can influence their chances for success .
instead, it is a reconstructive process, which involves building a specific memory from fragments of real memory traces of the original event, but also possibly including information from other sources.” he cautioned that the false memories created in the mice in the experiments were far simpler than the complex false memories that have generated controversy within psychology and psychiatry – for example, false memories of childhood sexual abuse, or even memories for bizarre ritualized satanic abuse, abduction by aliens, or “past lives ”.
attacks against u.s. military, diplomatic and government targets in afghanistan have largely been the work of the taliban and haqqani network, though al qaeda fighters are enmeshed with these groups.
each goal had specific targets , and dates for reaching those targets .
but the lull should not overshadow the critical importance of the election.
all new cars have an engine.
i owe you $100.
male experiences, interests, expectations and voices, mainly white, inform the way we think, decide how our resources are dispersed and define our norms.
the game is played for 80 minutes in two 40 - minute halves but there is an overtime if it goes on long enough .
if they are necessarily true, that would mean that it’s false that we can be justified in believing necessary truths only a priori.
it has been a common view among political philosophers that there exists a special relationship between moral goodness and legitimate authority.
this private matter was nothing to concern yourselves with .
they added: “monsoon onset dates are likely to become earlier or not to change much while monsoon withdrawal rates are very likely to delay, resulting in a lengthening of the season.” scientists in developing countries and commentators have welcomed the report, which they said backed their own observations.
latin is a dead language .
the world bank, too, expressed its relief that the global economy had “dodged a potential catastrophe ”, with its president, jim yong kim, urging policymakers in all countries to “continue to focus on crafting and implementing policies that promote economic growth and boost jobs and opportunity for all ”.
electropositivity is a measure of an element 's ability to donate electrons , and therefore form positive ions ; thus , it is opposed to electronegativity .
vegetables are very healthy for you .
linda was in william's math class, and she always helped william with his homework.
she had family problems.
the biggest source of natural background radiation is airborne radon , a radioactive gas that emanates from the ground .
also, garibaldi notes, the researchers did n't measure how well the mothers controlled their gestational diabetes.
the brightness of an object can be expressed in terms of its absolute magnitude .
many cultures around the world once thought or still think that semen has special or even magical qualities .
the movie was released on october 15 , 2010 .
in most countries , an unincorporated association does not have separate legal personality , and few members of the association usually enjoy limited liability .
there were twenty people in the room .
she always buys the same shampoo and conditioner .
his name was pirate.
if i may ask, why is that?
this is the legal action that will truly lay down a marker, and by pursuing it the couple indicate a determination to convey a wider message to the world and, they hope, deter paparazzi in the future.
hedgehogs are nocturnal , but gymnures are less so , and may be active during the day .
the precise origin of absinthe is unclear .
oll , who was married , fell into severe depressions after he divorced .
he was followed by the police .
sorry about the inconvenience.
he almost hit three other cars.
according to the iea’s medium-term coal market report the world will burn 1.2bn more tonnes of coal per year by 2017 compared with today – the equivalent of the current coal consumption of russia and the us combined.
then she pushed the start button on the washer.
ammonia is converted to nitric acid in two stages .
the stage itself has been given named areas to facilitate blocking .
it's impossible to know the scale of this exodus.
i love my new hairstyle!
a nail is homologous to a claw but is flatter and has a curved edge instead of a point .
“this tells us that we could create a workable network of animal brains distributed in many different locations.” nicolelis said the team is now working on ways to link several animals’ brains at once to solve more complex tasks.
"why are you wearing gloves?"
he won't have money for gas.
he said, "we will give free flu shots to everyone.
i wish it could be different .
there are multiple ways to get there but it will still be far nonetheless .
but you don’t want to watch star wars on your iphone so i don’t think it’s going to run out of steam any time soon.” meanwhile, dergarabedian is anticipating massive business when the force awakens reaches cinemas in december 2015.
she was trying to find out what it was that was making them sick .
it can be argued that an interstellar mission which cannot be completed within 50 years should not be started at all .
where the hymenium is found is traditionally the first thing used to identify mushrooms or to group mushrooms into families .
a feral population can have a significant impact on an ecosystem by predation on vulnerable plants or animals , or by competition with indigenous species .
there is also the prospect -- or as some would say, likelihood -- that isis will over-reach much as did its predecessor, al qaeda in iraq -- alienating the sunni tribes, taking territory it can not defend and mobilizing more enemies than it can resist.
she was eating lunch.
but hurry up!"
this is just a checkup.
fighting in city was very violent .
we need to write english."
we 've come here for a holiday .
brazilians tend to be too nice sometimes – they enjoy partying rather than protesting – but something is changing,” said deli borsari, a 53-year-old yoga instructor.
we hope to meet at whistler and go skiing together .
this huge store only has three cashiers !
the first season began airing on november 1 2015 and ended on june 5 2016 .
the aim of wish is to determine which physical components are traced by the gas-phase water lines observed with herschel and to quantify the excitation conditions and water abundances in each of these components.
the average income for a household in the city was $ 32,588 , and the average income for a family was $ 36,165 .
he said he would pay jack back the next week.
after resistance from his father had been overcome, darwin was offered the post and accepted it.
sword dances include long sword dances and rapper dancing .
his retreat on immigration means that rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive republican presidential candidates.
the musical movie was a natural development of the stage musical .
much of the classical guitar repertoire is in e minor , as this is a very natural key for the instrument .
(prince cw 62; translation revised) as a result, machiavelli cannot really be said to have a theory of obligation separate from the imposition of power; people obey only because they fear the consequences of not doing so, whether the loss of life or of privileges.
she suffered a miscarriage and survived clinical death .
i do n't know where to look .
increasing market share is one of the most important objectives in business .
sherwood accepts his team’s work on the role of clouds cannot deﬁnitively rule out that future temperature rises will lie at the lower end of projections.
farmers maintain fields of crops (or vegetable/fruit plants) and/or collections of animals with the intention of selling these products as food.
euthanasia can be active or passive , and voluntary , non-voluntary and involuntary .
jack 's mother told him what to buy for his camping trip .
this school has a great number of teachers rated highly by students in annual evaluations .
in this sense, “care” is a virtue, and the ethics of care a form of virtue ethics.
women of color were 3.3 % of the total.
in 2012 nanninga went into a coma and only regained conscience five months later .
she has a convertible bmw .
the first stone church was built in during the 12th century .
the neck is the long body part that connects the head to the chest (the muscular body part that protects the heart and lungs), and the stomach, or the part of the body that contains food and liquid-processing organs, comes below that.
some ghost towns , especially those that preserve period-specific architecture , have become tourist attractions .
"the class lasts eight weeks," the man said.
can false memories be artificially created?
there may be prosecutions too, after all these years, of sheffield wednesday, south yorkshire police and sheffield city council, which failed in its duty to oversee the safety of the football ground.
a best friend tells the truth.
global crude and condensate production was down 8% in december from february 2020, prior to the pandemic’s spread accelerating, according to rystad energy.
deputies are ready to deal with any problems with the returned animals, lutz said.
they do not hibernate , but can enter torpor .
the violin can be played either standing or sitting down .
small hand - made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover .
draft order in the entry draft is determined by a combination of lottery , regular season standing , and playoff results .
we won the badminton game .
the inner ear consists of the cochlea and several non-auditory structures .
richardson 1996 and katsafanas 2011b, 2013, 2016; see also anderson 2012a, clark and dudrick 2015).
potassium chloride is extracted from minerals sylvite , carnallite , and potash .
a large temple also owned sizable tracts of land and employed thousands of laymen to supply its needs .
there is quite a chance that if there is a god he will make something of the finitude and complexity of a universe.
furthermore, a core assumption of existing machine learning algorithms is that instances are independent of each other.
public places such as parks and beaches are very important for many recreational activities .
he left early in order to get home .
cyclones are made of spiraling winds .
a move similar to a sliding forearm smash in which a wrestler jumps down on an opponent driving their forearm into anywhere on the opponent 's body .
the size of the main cast was smaller compared to the previous series .
i am having problems with my internet service.
is there enough money to order a pizza ?
naturally gluten free, the grain can substitute for wheat flour in anything from bread and pasta to waffles and pizza bases.
since 2002 , he was also foreign trade advisers of france .
the common chimpanzee is listed on the iucn red list as an endangered species .
it's a song about the alphabet.
schinkel , however , is famous as well for his theoretical work and his architectural drafts .
calling it a significant step forward for the alliance and european security, president obama announced friday that nato will develop a missile defense system to safeguard most of europe and the united states.
if you would like accommodation, please let me know soon, as it is very popular.
"i'm your sister!"
i want you to pick some lemons.
her hair was as soft as silk .
last fall in ohio: wild animals on the loose the five animals being returned to marian thompson were never released from their cages by her late husband.
what time would you like to come in?
reporting to the assistant commissioners are about 50 chief superintendents , about half of whom supervise what are called divisions .
“we deeply apologize for betraying the expectations and confidence of our clients,” it said in a statement.
in addition, the object might be an entity which is another subject, another person or group; for example, beatrice might be alienated from her childhood friend cecile, and beatrice might also be alienated from her own family.
in the years 1219 and / or 1234 it appears as a church village .
does it work?
the glands secrete mucus to make sexual intercourse easier .
spanish -speaking countries use many different names for the varieties and preparations .
in 1895 , the six premiers of the australian colonies agreed to set up a new convention by popular vote .
he runs fast .
all her friends were taller than her.
multiplayer can be played with up to four players .
she called him up a week later.
have you been studying french ?
there will be very angry people .
accommodation yes, we have rooms for students near the school.
"we will mail it to you."
burma, bangladesh and india can expect stronger cyclones; elsewhere in southern asia, heavier summer rains are anticipated.
bisques are heavy cream soups traditionally prepared with shellfish , but can be made with any type of seafood or other base ingredients .
then, i go to bed.
crops are another major engagement in ghana with a portion of 14.5% of gross domestic product (ghana statistical service, 2019).
"but i always pay the rent on time," brad said.
how do you play that?
some professionals consider masturbation to function as a cardiovascular workout .
i 've never seen a dutch oven before .
the naiyāyikas reply that god could assume a body at certain times, and in any case, god need not create in the same way humans do (potter 1977: 100–07).
egalitarianism can be instrumental or non-instrumental.
some of the everyday heroes in the united states are the country's paramedics.
but that’s exactly what kiruna, an arctic town in northern sweden, is having to do – to avoid being swallowed up into the earth.
the bear was considered a holy animal .
me too, helen.
in this work, we consider the radiation emitted by a collapsing star during a finite time interval and calculate light curves and the spectrum of this radiation as seen by a distant observer.
the boys quietly walked past their parents who were already asleep .
what is this song called ?
but patty lost the mirror.
the paper also became more openly political during the time of punk .
in 2012 the event was visited by totally 50 700 people , which meant a new record had been broken .
but this is a claim that requires argument; and the bolder the conclusion, the more argument it requires.
cell reproduction is more complex in eukaryotes than in other organisms .
a tandem repeat pattern helps determine an individual 's inherited traits .
a lot of disgusting slimy food items were found in the abandoned refrigerator .
changeable optics filters are used in the colorimeter to select the wavelength which the solute absorbs the most , in order to maximize accuracy .
pavement lights and related products were historically marketed as a way of saving on artificial lighting costs and making space more usable and pleasant .
﻿he is the star of one of the world’s longest running and most successful film series, with 23 movies and more than $6bn amassed at the global box office, but james bond shows no signs of slowing down.
the inferred gaseous water abundance decreases with depth into the cloud with an enhanced layer at the edge due to photodesorption of water ice.
numbers of gamestop shares shorted dips further -- s3 partners analysts pointed to a stunning hong kong debut for tencent-backed kuaishou technology as more evidence of the growing power of small investors, but on the wallstreetbets forum at the center of the last week’s action there were few signs of consensus around new stock market favorites.
the japanese government continues to search for and retrieve the remains of japanese military personnel who were killed during the battle .
test pilots must know about aerospace engineering in order to know how and why planes are tested .
the metatarsal bones are often broken by association football players .
chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around photosystems that are embedded in the thylakoid membranes of chloroplasts .
she listens to the news on the radio.
the remaining vehicles were 2001-2004 mazda tributes.
he did things that made her cry.
geophysics is applied to societal needs , such as mineral resources , mitigation of natural hazards and environmental protection .
it is the desire to convey this message that alone explains the otherwise puzzling presence in jacobi’s volume of the two poems by goethe.
if it was rated r , i would not have taken them to see it .
the judges have a 12 - year term , but they must retire when reaching the age of 68 .
i will be small and quiet as a mouse.
the composition and chemistry of the earth 's atmosphere is of importance for several reasons , but primarily because of the interactions between the atmosphere and living organisms .
the discovery made headlines around the globe .
among the hazards: ejection seat rockets, airbag components, and explosive charges that deploy parachutes that can lower the entire aircraft to the ground.
like aspirin or soft drinks, they are not subject to age, licensing, or other restrictions.
her purse is pink.
glass fiber is formed when thin strands of silica- based or other formulation glass are extruded into many fibers with small diameters suitable for textile processing .
widespread private concerns have led to a number of folklore sayings and popular culture reflections related to penis size .
with the highest carbon emissions of any major fossil fuel, coal is a huge contributor to climate change, particularly when burned in old-fashioned, inefficient power stations.
the following is a list of active codes of official iso 4217 currency names .
it was never intended as a teaching tool .
a group of passengers who were aboard an asiana airlines flight that crash-landed last summer has sued aircraft manufacturer boeing, according to a lawsuit filed in an illinois court.
the distinctive horns and muscular neck may have been used in fighting rivals of its own species .
the arms of the three original leagues are now all part of the coat of arms of the canton .
this expired in 1989 and since then the issue has been under dispute.
potassium chloride is found as a mineral .
fathers and sons who have been featured on the cover
this will look nice with your black pants .
football is played in stadiums .
it is short but sweet."
sharon pushed pam back.
before becoming a politician he was a businessman .
there were pieces of orange carrots in the soup.
it is extraordinary that not one of these criticised features would touch the philosophy of john anderson as they stand (at least as brandom outlines them).
the police saw the gate and its broken lock .
visitors stopped and looked at molly's paintings.
while the meaning of “water” is given by this reference-fixing description, and can be known a priori, the essence of water must be discovered empirically.
i know, i would have gotten soaked walking home.
the poem carried the name of its author but had been mechanically edited by jacobi to bring out, by printing certain key phrases in relief, images especially important to him.
in 1932 marcuse published one of the first reviews of the newly published 1844 manuscripts entitled “neue quellen zur grundlegung des historischen materialismus” (new sources on the foundation of historical materialism).
“it is expensive but the benefit is tremendous.
thousands of school children died because of badly built schools .
police have not yet identified the floating girl found yesterday but she is believed to be in her late teens .
£15 per hour.
in the period from 18,000 to 15,000 years ago , australia became dryer , with lower temperatures and less rainfall .
if it was wild, it might bite sissy.
don has cancer.
it also can flip over multiple times without losing its ability to fly and can recover its stability when thrown into the air.
the woman whom some claimed to be the missing daughter of the czar was proved to be a fraud .
“but more can, and should, be done to increase transparency and build public support for privacy protections in place.” in her statement, feinstein said the bill would also make a number of improvements to transparency and oversight on the nsa, including: requiring an annual public report of the total number of queries of nsa’s telephone metadata database and the number of times the programme leads to an fbi investigation or probable cause order; requiring that the foreign intelligence surveillance court impose limits on the number of people at nsa who may authorize or query the call-records database; establishing criminal penalties of up to ten years in prison for intentional unauthorized access to data acquired under the foreign intelligence surveillance act (fisa) by the united states; mandating the fisa court impose a limit on the number of contacts an analyst can receive in response to a query of bulk communication records.
a full-time etiquette coach was hired .
the attempts to prove the ch led to major discoveries in set theory, such as the theory of constructible sets, and the forcing technique, which showed that the ch can neither be proved nor disproved from the usual axioms of set theory.
runner types since 1940 , there has been a shift to production of runner type peanuts in the southeastern u.s .
there are many software applications that feature virtual crossfaders .
your hair is as long as mine .
currently, a traffic light can detect when a car is approaching but that’s about it.
in the late 1950s , he studied cinema in france .
after many concerts , the band went back to sweden and began writing songs for their next album .
after the rinse cycle , the machine begins the extraction process , which recovers dry-cleaning solvent for reuse .
a striking feature of metabolism is the similarity of the basic metabolic pathways among vastly different species .
she wanted to go for a drive.
another example is in the proposed biosynthesis of aranotin , a naturally occurring oxepine , and its related compounds .
i'm just giving you my honest opinion.
it was the moment when he left .
it was the day when she broke her arm .
a preliminary investigation was launched on tuesday by the paris police.
it is very beautiful.
since the lust and attraction stages are both considered temporary , a third stage is needed to account for long -term relationships .
the swans are some of the largest flying birds .
even the government’s top spokesman, yoshihide suga, was moved to comment on the scandal.
more than 80% of the estimated malaria deaths in 2012 occurred in just 17 countries, and 80% of cases occur in 18 countries, with the democratic republic of congo and nigeria together accounting for 40% of the estimated global total (world health organization, 2012; national population commission et al., 2012).
she would call him by his middle name.
were all the windows closed?
two assumptions shape its organization.
[11] position graph networks as the building blocks
how did you know i'm lying?
gastrotrichs demonstrate eutely , each species having an invariant genetically fixed number of cells as adults .
shabbat is a day of celebration as well as prayer .
diplomatic sources speaking on condition of not being identified said the man is a korean-american businessman.
“but you never know exactly what they are hitting.” that usually becomes clear later from video clips posted by opposition media outlets on youtube.
what does this new service include?
he liked her.
more than 20 people died.
wow , what a beautiful fabric .
the department of health would not comment on the advertising issue until officials had studied the meps’ decisions.
it means you can only read it in the library.
similar to 2d convolution, one may perform graph convolutions by taking the weighted average of a node’s neighborhood information.
he brushed it and brushed it.
cohen 2009, discussing the case of capitalists amassing capital to give it away through charity.)
hornworts may be found world - wide , growing where it is damp or humid .
“a hot world is a hungry world.
modern imitation vellum is made from plasticized rag cotton or fibers from interior tree bark .
52 big aftershocks , ranging in size from 4.4 to 6.0 , were recorded within 72 hours of the main tremor .
the party favors the civil right to information privacy and reforms of copyright , education , genetic patents and drug policy .
take the case of discourse about fictional characters.
the first example of this research is histoire de la folie à l'age classique, published in 1961, the full version of which was published in english as history of madness in 2006.
he said, "i have to work on tuesday, too.
deutsche believes a good part of its business is.
do you know what to say if you are stopped by the police ?
and demand continues to grow.
garments are also checked for foreign objects .
there are 14 subspecies of ring-necked snake .
both of these industrial quarters were almost entirely destroyed during world war ii , with the bombings of a single night from 3 february 1945 .
she put lip balm on her dry lips .
her career started in 1950 and continues to this day .
the following 14 subspecies are recognized .
someone has just found my phone .
the head of government of each state is called the premier .
most members have a complex lifecycle , involving both asexual and sexual reproduction .
“i’m an architect but i have been unemployed for six months.
in addition, an estimated 200,000 people have been displaced by the uprising in the wider region.
as devitt (1996) pointed out:[1] it is true partly in virtue of what it means and partly in virtue of the way the world is, in virtue of all unmarrieds being unmarried.
geophysics was only recognized as a special area of study in the 19th century .
there remains the dark shadow of the little princes in the tower, an infamous story even in richard’s day: the child edward v and his brother richard were declared illegitimate when richard iii claimed the throne, imprisoned in the tower of london and never seen alive again.
i do n't need you to tell me what to do .
at least not right now," linda said.
think about what you have learned here .
then he turned the page again.
the stories of his travels were told in a number of different books .
she said she has not seen anyone all night .
"let me think about it," he said.
when would mama bird be back?
the students were bored .
however , some people with schizophrenia have the ability to tickle themselves .
an unexpected increase in engine idle speed may increase stopping distance and may result in a vehicle crash without warning.
the impact of a rare “ice tsunami” in 2013 on the canadian municipality of ochre beach was just a taster: a wall of melting iceberg on dauphin lake was blown by winds on to the shore, splintering every house in its path.
she used vegetable oil to fry the vegetables .
the bridge is a single-span structure with three bowstring trusses which created two bays for the original two gwr tracks .
in addition , there are 16 associate members and 3 affiliate members .
his view on marriage always got in the way of his relationships.
unaipon was obsessed with correct english .
secondary cells are rechargeable .
she told her dad, "daddy, guess what?
you will get your money back next year."
although its surface circulation had dissipated , its upper circulation remained unbroken and created a burst of rainfall early on august 20 .
in november 2017 , another ballot issue was voted on whether to dissolve the city .
the fundamental objects of study in algebraic geometry are algebraic varieties , which are geometric manifestations of solutions of systems of polynomial equations .
all defensive players wear fielding gloves , made of leather or similar material .
in addition to service , a serf was required to pay certain taxes and fees .
there are several types of wordplay used in cryptics .
he stepped up to single-seaters at the end of 2002 , when he competed in the british formula renault winter series .
water wheels have been used for thousands of years for industrial power .
the united states and south korea held joint military drills in february, despite north korea's warning to the south not to carry out the drills, calling them a provocation and threatening to engulf seoul in a sea of flames.
would you mind if our friends came with us ?
sexual reproduction first probably evolved about a billion years ago within ancestral single -celled eukaryotes .
the islets are volcanic rocks , with only a thin layer of soil and moss .
were insects biting him at night?
so you know what ?
they are putting in place an administrative infrastructure that is akin to a local provincial council, handling everything from media affairs to helping families who lost their homes to providing legal aid to jailed activists.
gregorian chant was traditionally sung by choirs of men and boys in churches , or by men and women of religious orders in their chapels .
it was reported that three people were killed on the ground level , four in the synagogue 's basement and at least one other person died in the building .
nice to meet you, charlie.
as of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 11,457 , down from 11,727 as of 2005 .
will it bring him down?
from california, we saw how we can now produce plastics from greenhouse gases that are competitive with normal oil-based plastics in price and quality.
producing a stop-motion animation using clay is extremely laborious .
“farmers across the developing world are increasingly relying on and benefiting from small-scale, locally-relevant water solutions.
four field guides were also released .
it will only get hotter but at least we can go to the beach .
jess told us she knew where to find the best doctor .
when a wrestler jumps forward from an elevated position and executes a mid-air backflip .
you might hear from your colleague about the new business project .
he wants you to call back before 7 p.m.
it's probably 90 degrees.
the official biography of the country's rulers has looked like something out of a marvel comics book story.
harvestmen are ancient arachnids .
the dog was lazy.
a waggle dance consists of one to 100 or more circuits , each of which consists of two phases : the waggle phase and the return phase .
his face turns red when he drinks whiskey .
a gas chromatograph is a chemical analysis instrument for separating chemicals in a complex sample .
my older brother drives a rebuilt car .
he spoke to both of us .
without this contact, we must rely on the publication of several series of lecture notes from anderson’s papers by sydney university press (see bibliography).
the symptoms of diphtheria usually begin two to seven days after infection .
higher capacity zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability .
the founding fathers wanted republicanism because its principles guaranteed liberty , with opposing , limited powers offsetting one another .
the city grew after the construction of a new wharf in 1931 .
many russians died in wwii .
two wounded malian soldiers were handed over to the international committee of the red cross, the mnla added.
the computer also identified cucumber dna all over the city, mason said.
they both got up.
my little brother loves talking .
self resonant loop antennas are relatively large , governed by the intended wavelength of operation .
the rat bit the children on the face .
party leaders have handpicked candidates and determined election strategies with minimum public consultation.
i have lots of gasoline."
welded tuff is a pyroclastic flow of lava which was hot enough to weld together .
you have to take care of it.
they are also trying to bring people into the cinema at a time when lots are staying home for entertainment.
the chautauqua airlines flight came within 800 vertical feet and.82 nautical miles after takeoff of an arriving aircraft, identified as a republic airlines flight, authorities said.
viral populations do not grow through cell division , because they do not have cells .
another electoral loss would be sure to further dispirit those who hoped to see some change to the political status quo after the gezi protests of last summer.
it was a big hole.
teaching assistant (n) a person who works to help a university teacher in a classroom the teaching assistant has the exams for you at the end of class.
her father is 30 years old.
he looked at the door.
james certainly is strong-willed.
he's a good boy.
the town was founded in 1828 and incorporated as a village in 1875 .
there was an audible intake of breath as a slide came up showing the base of his skull sliced off by one terrible blow, believed to be from a halberd, a fearsome medieval battle weapon with a razor-sharp iron axe blade weighing about two kilos, mounted on a wooden pole, which was swung at richard at very close range.
he does what his mother asks the first time.
they are leading the country into a direct confrontation, al-habeeb al-amin told libya al-ahrar tv.
2007; pieri et al.
he showed a video of 20 robots flying in a variety of formations -- and moving through obstacles -- inches from each other without interfering with the stability of their neighbors.
the app also received information from their facebook accounts, which the scientists used to check the accuracy of their results.
in march 2007 , the media reported a dispute over the final cut of the film .
the dam wall is 76 m high and is 1116 m long .
for most sports the athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing , e. g. sport shoes , pants and shirts .
some of the variables measured include: annual income of farmers, direct cost of malaria treatment, number of days of incapacitation and additional labour cost incurred by the farmers during periods of incapacitation.
alekhine was known for his attacking style : he was good at turning an initiative into a win .
he told us if we gave him our wallets , we had nothing to fear .
in 2010, the mental health foundation found loneliness to be a greater concern among young people than the elderly.
﻿a major international row with wide-ranging implications for global drugs policy has erupted over the right of bolivia’s indigenous indian tribes to chew coca leaves, the principal ingredient in cocaine.
the population was 22,699 at the 2010 census and an estimated 25,976 in 2018 .
joseph is a good boy.
please do n't cause a scene .
to fully understand and appreciate these accomplishments, let's take at some of the most well-known parts of the human body!
cattle are large quadrupedal ungulate mammals with cloven hooves .
why do n't you use a fork ? nick said .
the city is a major trading and farming center in this area .
the number of strings on the rebec varies from 1 to 5 , although three is the most common number .
along with outlining the risks and challenges, copenhagen also embraced and focused on the solutions.
emission nebulae sometimes look like they have dark areas in them .
outside diaspora communities in the west, teff has flown under the radar for decades.
get your elbows off the table .
jimmy eventually learned when to ask his mother for money .
equality of any sort might be valued conditionally or unconditionally.
she didn't want to look older.
this was the arena of associations, churches, labor unions, book clubs, choral societies and manifold other nongovernmental yet still public organizations.
while the term may refer to spoken english , it can also describe written english .
on the other hand, someone may give permission for the destruction of his property, and as foot concludes, if someone gives you permission to destroy his property it can no longer be said that you have no right to do so, and i do not see why it should not be the same with taking a man’s life.
she only trusts god.
the feeling of a static electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body .
i used to.
she wants to buy a pair of red shoes.
the five color theorem is implied by the stronger four color theorem , but is considerably easier to prove .
the dogs ran around the living room .
early cybermen had an unsettling , sing-song voice , created by changing their voices slightly on syllables which a voice does not normally change .
in many cases , the splicing process can create a range of unique proteins by varying the exon composition of the same mrna .
this latter claim was accepted by aquinas, writing in the thirteenth century, who can be seen as synthesising aspects of the platonic and aristotelian traditions (cory 2014).
barbara told the same story to her younger sister.
the relationships between the queen and the breeding males may last for many years .
“it is unlikely that this kind of pairing could lead to the rich set of associations related to normal memories, although it is possible that, over time, such pairing could be integrated with other memories to construct a more elaborate false narrative.” the mouse models created by the mit team will help scientists ask ever more complex questions about memories in people.
it made william sad.
in his introductory letter, tempier also reports that he sought the advice “not only of the doctors of sacred scripture, but also of other wise men” (tam doctorum sacrae scripturae, quam aliorum prudentium virorum communicato consilio).
laplace also came close to getting the concept of the black hole .
he picked it up.
it will start getting chilly in tokyo soon .
they all thought lily disliked everyone because she was so unfriendly .
last month, the united nations security council unanimously passed a resolution that strengthened sanctions against the north in response to the december rocket launch.
saliva contains the enzyme amylase , which hydrolyses starch into maltose and dextrin .
it's not so bad, mom.
in response to mendelssohn’s criticisms of spinoza, he argued that spinozism represented, on the contrary, a perfectly self-consistent position.
recently the light curves for collapsing objects were studied in a slightly different set up [10] assuming that the radiation has a profile of a sharp in time pulse.
the ride will not operate in the rain , even during drizzling conditions .
i find it easy to sleep .
sice the late 1980s , digital compositing began to replace optical effects .
although the cosmological argument does not figure prominently in asian philosophy, a very abbreviated version of it, proceeding from dependence, can be found in udayana’s nyāyakusumāñjali i,4.
logic is the study of reasoning and argument .
this movie was released in september of 2002 .
obama has called for tax increases on households earning more than $250,000; boehner has rejected any tax increases.
chronic hepatitis c is defined as infection with the hepatitis c virus persisting for more than six months based on the presence of its rna .
she gave him her name.
last year, bloomberg pledged a $250,000 matching gift to the planned parenthood federation of america after the susan g. komen for the cure foundation cut off grants to planned parenthood for breast cancer screenings.
my flight leaves at two o'clock .
this condition states that whether e occurs or not depends on whether c occurs or not.
acting as a provider of loans is one of the main tasks for financial institutions .
thirty of the soundtrack 's songs feature vocals .
good generals have exit plans .
meanwhile, on wallstreetbets, participants were still urging investors to stick with gamestop.
diffusion means that changing a single character of the input will change many characters of the output .
chlorophyll molecules are arranged in and around the membranes of chloroplasts .
humans play a key role in the biosphere , with the large human population dominating many of earth 's ecosystems .
first, it takes the primary relata of causal dependence to be events.
the long-tailed sylph is similar in appearance but does not overlap in range .
both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their raptorial claws at the prey , and can inflict serious damage on victims significantly greater in size than themselves .
the founding fathers wanted republicanism because its ideas guaranteed liberty , with limited powers checking and balancing each other .
my name is sarah.
the population was 26,190 at the 2010 census and 35,050 following a special census conducted in 2018 .
my top priority is ending the mass surveillance, digital surveillance, of millions and millions of law- abiding americans.” feinstein unexpectedly announced that she was “totally opposed” to the foreign leader spying of the sort the nsa conducts of german chancellor angela merkel.
it has also been used to make lightweight blocks for building , and as a powdered ingredient in polishing .
beninese literature had a strong oral tradition long before french became the main language .
in all, the researchers gathered metadata on more than 250,000 calls and over 1.2m texts.
take a lot when you're there.
although animals have never have wheels for locomotion , some animals will move by rolling their whole body .
according to hartmann, an unbiased philosophical inquiry moves through the three main stages of phenomenological, aporetic and theoretical development.
an a cappella choir is a choir which sings without any instrumental accompaniment .
typically, the sub-personal attitudes postulated in nietzsche’s psychological explanations represent the world in one way or another.
tide pools are a home for hardy organisms such as sea stars , mussels and clams .
managing and operating on frequency tabulated data is much simpler than operation on raw data .
the device has four rotors; when they spin at the same speed, the robot hovers.
he would listen to his father.
tensions on the korean peninsula escalated following north korea's shelling of south korea's yeonpyeong island last month, as well as the march sinking of a south korean warship -- allegedly by a north korean torpedo -- and recent revelations that it is enriching uranium for nuclear weapons.
though the plague was worst in london , it also affected other parts of england .
henslow’s note to darwin, asking if he would be interested in being recommended for this post, arrived at the darwin home, ‘the mount’, while charles darwin was on a geological survey of northern wales with adam sedgwick.
for example , assume an investor had to choose between two stocks .
if he was just a few years older , he would be able to marry without permission .
once the plant is allowed to flower , it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds , which can be saved and planted the following year .
the lake is big and beautiful.
i appreciate the gesture, but i must get home.
they were married in rome .
example, we can represent an image as a regular grid in the euclidean space.
a harp tuned to c-sharp major has all its pedals in the bottom position .
most myosin molecules are composed of a head , neck , and tail domain .
bacteria associated with illness and infections were extremely common.
just a second, mom.
measurement of the absorption of light is complicated by the solvent used to extract the chlorophyll from plant material , which affects the values obtained ,
a week later cosby allegedly plied them with drinks at a tennis club, after which the lawsuit states that cosby took her to the playboy mansion.
“the betrayal of trust set forth here is outrageous,” the us attorney general, loretta lynch, said.
“even though the animals were on different continents, with the resulting noisy transmission and signal delays, they could still communicate,” said miguel pais-vieira, the first author of the study.
were you offended by what he said to you ?
james fell and scratched his elbow .
pussy riot released seven songs and five videos .
the internet has made it easier for urban legends to spread , as people often spread them to their friends or family using e-mail .
the unrest escalated during the night as a large crowd set several fires outside the legislative assembly, smashed the building’s windows and painted graffiti on the walls proclaiming “revolution”, “down with paes, down with cabral [the mayor and state governor]” and “hate police”.
myxobacteria move by gliding on the surface .
the big chair.
the walls of the bunker were 1.5 metres thick and it could almost withstand a direct hit from a 300 lb bomb .
he drove his car faster.
and 382; bge 212; ti v, 3 and viii, 6–7).
officially , the indian rupee has a market-set exchange rate .
i'm sorry, but i don't follow baseball.
he received 2.33 % of the vote in the first round of the 2002 french presidential election .
tomorrow is for justice.”
on the other hand, synthetic marijuana -- whether underregulated or outright prohibited -- has n't ever been subject to an appropriate level of regulation.
visitors said molly's paintings were very nice.
solutions to combat climate change are often perceived as hi-tech innovations focused on cutting emissions, creating infrastructure or efficiency.
but he immediately adds that since coercion creates legality, he will concentrate his attention on force.
she apologized for calling so late.
the choice of which instruction set architecture to use greatly affects the complexity of implementing high performance devices .
he planned to kill the president .
“another round of stimulus is important.” initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 33,000 to a seasonally adjusted 779,000 for the week ended jan. 30.
after his football career he became an international successful referee .
blood moves from the heart to arteries , which branch and narrow into smaller arteries , and then branch more into capillaries .
clean your room or you can't go out today.
bali is an indonesian island .
she was the new queen for the rose parade.
currently , 244 countries and territories have official iso 3166 - 1 codes .
american bobtails are playful , social and moderately energetic .
she only has a few friends .
in the essay and other works, locke had suggested that morality could be known by reason and had emphasized the demonstrative character of morality – thereby making a claim to the certainty with which moral ideas could be known.
bring $25 and a towel."
i found it difficult to write the essay in less than a week .
monday was trash day.
over 6500 different tangram problems have been created from 19th century texts alone , and the current number is ever-growing .
a concert tour is a series of concerts by an artist or group of artists in different cities or locations .
my friend thought her essay was graded so unfairly that she went to negotiate for a better grade .
they would have laughed if they had known .
he loved the scent of peanuts .
a newly released report by the usda forest service maps the increasing number of urban locations that are particularly vulnerable to wildfire.
we rarely see each other .
i 'd like you to meet my parents .
worse still, it is not only readily available but easy to make – tailor-made for a society that sees little light at the end of the tunnel.
dotty looked at the door.
people of all races have fought against segregation and discrimination in the united states .
the father cooks food in the kitchen.
this latter ambition was sometimes not distinguished from the former one, although it is no longer shared by most philosophers still interested in the analytic.
it was thunder that we heard .
while i was away , he finished writing one page of his twelve page essay .
parents carried their sleeping girls and boys back to their cars after the excitement of the late night fireworks display .
slowpitch pitching distance is 50 feet for both male and female players .
the wind took the plastic bag high up in the air .
it is just the latest sign that the old paradigm of government-only space travel is being replaced by something else -- a new business ecosystem composed of novel relationships among nasa and the aerospace industry.
the method works best if neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product enters or leaves the material after its formation .
shares dropped on the dow in anticipation of continued gridlock.
[3] galileo and descartes did not take the radical democritian step of denying the existence of the secondary qualities; instead they placed them in the soul.
the wild horses came from ship wrecks .
“the really interesting thing about this work is that we are learning that it’s not just about the numbers of species going extinct, but the actual numbers in a population; that’s the beginning of a fundamental shift in our understanding,” he says.
the difference between free-flowing post-anarchism and traditional anarchism can be seen in the realm of morality.
we get the flu from a virus.
the race is unique in that its winner receives a championship belt rather than a trophy .
actors working in theater , film , and television have to learn different skills .
each unit built in this way is a single 10 ft section of bridge , with a 12 ft roadbed .
silenti was struck by a car on 31 october 2014 in rome , italy .
originally shuttles were passed back and forth by hand .
south korea's red cross has offered $8.4 million in flood aid to north korea, the yonhap news agency said tuesday.
the analysis is done on pairs , a member of one group compared to a member of the other group .
on the 29 august 2010 trail bike riders discovered another human skeleton in the forest .
in 1935 einstein, boris podolsky and nathan rosen defended this possibility in their famous epr paper.
it also reveals that the goal of thought is not to continue the blind domination of nature and humans but to point toward reconciliation.
a police car pulled up next to brent.
in parliamentary procedure , a motion is a proposal to do something .
python is a good programming language for beginners .
nowadays cashiers can just scan products .
make sure you get a good seat.
the land on which the circuit is located was originally bought in 1926 by property developers who wanted to build housing .
some people keep this species as a pet .
this propaganda did not convince the original inquiry, which ruled as quickly as august 1989 that the police stories of fan drunkenness and misbehaviour were false, and criticized the police for making the claims.
her favorite vegetable is cauliflowers .
“with the right analytics running over nation- scale communications data, you can infer huge amounts of sensitive information on everyone.
a testing dipstick is usually made of paper or cardboard and is impregnated with reagents that indicate some feature of the liquid by changing color .
the problem is already here.
ash has considerably improved his abilities as a trainer over the course of the series .
the economic impact of the common cold is poorly understood in much of the world .
sympatric speciation refers to the formation of two or more descendant species from a single ancestral species all occupying the same geographic location .
stop playing games.
traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still important .
wink lol, i'm not that bad!
the metal arm picked up the trash can.
thirty years ago there were only a hundred students at her college .
the petrifaction process occurs underground , when wood becomes buried under sediment and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition .
the dolls were from many countries.
she put her nail clipper back in her purse.
the group became alarmed when they heard her scream .
the song was given mixed reviews from music critics .
our semester begins fairly late compared to other schools .
the train may sometimes experience a rollback after it is launched .
you are too old to wear leather pants .
example code in the c programming language is shown below .
no wonder the research firm latino decisions reports that, we find no evidence that rubio's candidacy will draw significant latino support for his candidacy or for his party more generally.
chefs are generally experienced in cooking and managing kitchens.
at about 10 : 30 am the flight paths of the two aircraft intersected over the canyon , and they collided at a closing angle of about 25 degrees .
the city, today part of present-day mali and known as the city of 333 saints for the sufi imams, sheiks and scholars buried there, was made a unesco world heritage site in 1988.
in the early days of the recording industry , record labels were absolutely necessary for the success of any artist .
they had a fight a long time ago.
the new method offers a pragmatic, scientifically backed alternative to conducting interviews.
(feyerabend 1975 [1993: 9]) his point is that science ought not be constrained by hierarchically imposed principles and strict rule following.
omega centauri is so distinctive from the other galactic globular clusters that it is thought to have an alternative origin as the core remnant of a disrupted dwarf galaxy .
he likes reading but because of his bad eyesight he cannot read for very long .
the county covers an area of 2004.44 km2 .
currently, deep learning is enabling reinforcement learning to scale to problems that were previously intractable, such as learning to play video games directly from pixels.
plants in wildfire - prone ecosystems often have adaptations to their local conditions .
over 90% of their device-time is message based, chatting on social networks like facebook, sending instant messages through services like whatsapp or even firing off traditional mobile- phone text messages.
he went into the bathroom.
symmetry operations can be written in many ways .
after the baroque period composers did not often write toccatas .
"i want your love forever."
daddy goes all the time.
the following table contains a list of point groups with representative molecules .
"where are the pets?"
the late fee is $5.
we urge the parties to reach an immediate cease-fire and to provide aid workers with the unfettered access required to deliver humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians affected by the conflict.
he wanted some of it .
mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes .
first and foremost, he says, genealogy “opposes itself to the search for ‘origins’” (foucault 1977, 141).
what they had created using satellite images was fairly accurate, although the rapid pace of the town’s growth, which has been fuelled by a mining boom, meant they were missing one road that had been created in the past year, said arif sayani, the town’s director of planning.
i 've never seen him use that racquet .
the dog remained outside the room where his master slept .
b: can i string the lights, dad?
a lot of skiers go to niigata .
the english text comprises 108,260 words and is divided into two parts , each reading as a continuous narrative with no chapter divisions .
the coloration is yellowish - brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half .
i might be hungry tho good point.
the constituency was formed for the 1998 legislative election , replacing a number of single-member constituencies used until 1995 .
i don't know, chicken butt?
when the embryonic forebrain fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly .
the japanese government continues to search for the bodies of japanese military troops who were killed during the battle .
i do n't know who burned all the books .
he showed them to his parents.
as instrumentation has improved , distant objects can now be examined in more detail .
timid and harmless to humans , the smalleye hammerhead is caught incidentally by inshore artisanal multispecies fisheries throughout its range , and marketed as food .
you will like it.
sharon's mother had brought her to the pool.
the professor was pleased to see his students working hard .
some extinct animals such as sauropod dinosaurs appear to have used stones to grind tough plant matter .
it 's nice to see more interracial couples who are accepting of our differences .
there were also rallies in belem, salvador and elsewhere.
much better than an egg or a sandwich or a cup of tea,” said arvind singh at 6.15am as he did his breathing exercises on a bench.
in many countries , a secretary of state is a mid-level official .
in his fiction bear often addresses major questions in contemporary science and culture and proposes solutions .
pest control is at least as old as agriculture , as there has always been a need to keep crops free from pests .
this gives the number 's distance from zero on the real number line .
but that is not safe.
he never talks about his ex-wife .
soba is typically eaten with chopsticks , and in japan , it is considered acceptable to slurp the noodles noisily .
[5] philosophy’s major deficiency, for rosenstock-huessy, is that it is not sufficiently sensitive to time, speech or history.
my grandfather has no teeth , so he wears dentures .
cranial nerves provide motor and sensory stimulation mainly to places within the head and neck .
tibet's government in exile has said the death toll from the protests has reached about 140 over the past two weeks, but china's government restrictions have made it difficult to confirm that number.
the movie got very positive reviews .
can i pay you back next week?"
much of the owls ' hunting strategy depends on stealth and surprise .
i didn't know we needed it.
as part of the changes , the transport to ravenscraig will get better .
this small island is entirely of volcanic origin .
numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six , and are generally not considered by the other authors .
many electronic paper technologies keep the same text and images indefinitely without electricity .
potassium chromate is a carcinogen and strong oxidant .
tom didn't want to listen to the radio.
“the nsa call-records programme is legal and subject to extensive congressional and judicial oversight, and i believe it contributes to our national security,” she said in a statement.
he used the hand mirror to look at the back of his leg.
the stick used to hit billiard balls , called a billiards cue , is different in some ways from the typical pool cue .
while in eighth grade , she started modeling .
please make an appointment for next week.
disturbing news from north korea comes just as often as stories that make us laugh in disbelief.
i need to see my dentist for this toothache .
lung contusion and laceration are injuries to the lung .
the apical complex includes vesicles which open at the front of the cell .
he sees quinoa’s popularity as a cautionary tale of how export opportunities can be a mixed blessing for poor countries.
you must declare your major by the end of your sophomore year .
some enzymes need several cofactors .
the citizens were taught where to go for safety during an emergency .
we hope his influence and the prime minister’s endorsement of copyright will be brought to bear on the approach of the uk’s intellectual property office.”
over 100 ships or shipwrecks have been designated as nhls .
i'll text you later on, okay?
he thought about his vacation in three months.
not all flowers with multiple ovaries form aggregate fruit ; the ovaries of some flowers do not become tightly joined together to make a larger fruit .
third, there are deep philosophical disagreements regarding the nature and even the existence of natural laws.
underwear is worn for many reasons .
sea levels were high , and there was a great variety of fish and other marine organisms .
japan’s version of the uk horsemeat scandal has since spread to several household names in catering.
i wish i could have explained it better so the students would have understood more clearly .
seventy students and teachers traveling to the united states for summer camp were among the chinese passengers .
is it well built ?
the tradition of homecoming has its origin in alumni football games held at colleges and universities since the 19th century .
the disparities between the two sets of dates result from additional discoveries and refined understanding of the still very incomplete source evidence .
that woman standing on the stage is very smart and successful .
her mom came outside on the porch.
do n't wear khakis to the business meeting .
sandy reminds us of climate change and other forgotten campaign issues gov.
i like taking the bus.
a best friend doesn't lie.
passengers are required to wear seatbelts .
flogging was used to punish convicts in the penal colonies of australia .
many of the greek city -states also had a god or goddess associated with that city .
16:09 it's next to the school.
no other flag has 13 stripes.
since the 1970s , sports clubs are organized separately by each language community .
you may go out to meet your friends .
an american man has been detained in north korea, two state department officials told cnn.
paramedics provide a valuable service to the communities they serve.
great, now i'll surely have a low gpa.
brown recluse spiders are hunting spiders , so they spend most of the time on the ground .
reading time is designed to help students having a good reading habit .
the worms were delicious.
these are by far the most commonly taken exams .
the prominent scarring on seal 's face is the result of a type of lupus called discoid lupus erythematosus , which affects the skin and leaves large scars .
tokyo is one of the most exciting cities in the world .
governments use different kinds of taxes and vary the tax rates .
in 2011 , it had a population of 470,766 and a population density of 80 / km2 .
the nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral .
female trees bear their fruit irregularly , only every few years .
“the optimistic take is that millennials don’t want to get into debt and they want to build a budget better – this is deferred debit and you are not tempted to roll it over,” he said.
“you also have to convince poor communities that poo can be productive – many are repelled by the idea of connecting their toilets to their kitchens.” typical salary: an entry-level salary is around £10,000, while a typical salary for a chief technical ofﬁcer is £30,000.
fifth is the on board fire control system that all cars must have .
the policeman said, "do you know why i am giving you a ticket?"
from this beginning in the 1950s , a substantial theory has been built up .
as - 90d - modified for desert use .
dill oil is extracted from the leaves , stems , and seeds of the plant .
to improve mechanized sorting , each address now has a sorting number which is printed on the letter as an orange colored barcode .
do you have any money to contribute to the new program ?
carol didn't call at 7:00.
the female potoroos can have two babies in a year , but only carry one at a time .
an option might be to get a new apartment in tokyo .
smoked and salted cod roe paste , commonly served as sandwich topping is popular in sweden .
most of the energy released in gravitational collapse is emitted very quickly .
a complementary strand of dna or rna may be constructed based on nucleobase complementarity .
masks of dead people are a tradition in many countries .
i've finished two other online courses this year so i'm looking forward to my third.
i do not like to go to bed.
there is no official legal definition of ethnic cleansing .
extraterrestrial skies seem to vary because of a number of reasons .
as a result of u.s. budget sequestration, the national institutes of health -- the engine of progress on aids research for 30 years -- will lose $229 million in aids research funding in the coming year.
last week's announcement reiterated al qaeda's allegiance to taliban leader mullah muhammad omar as the leader of the islamic emirate.
i am already finished, mom.
“it is virtually certain that, in the long term, global precipitation will change.
did you lose yours ?
independent international commission of inquiry on the syrian arab republic has previously said both rebel groups and government forces and their affiliated militias are demonstrating emerging patterns of summary execution and murder.
there exist computable numbers for which a rounded value can never be determined no matter how many digits are calculated .
s. pan is with faculty of information technology, monash university, clayton, vic 3800, australia (email: shirui.pan@monash.edu).
the only way to solve this is to have everyone come together to talk .
over the generations the family members have resided in some notable historic homes .
it's a break from class.
not all of my friends are reliable .
you might improve your biology grades if you study more frequently .
a mud volcano may be the result of a piercement structure created by a pressurized mud diapir that breaches the earth 's surface or ocean bottom .
the mall opened its doors to the public august 11 , 1992 .
everything is going wrong today.
data from homebase, a payroll scheduling and tracking company, showed its measure of employees at work flattened out over the last two weeks of january, pausing the decline observed from december into january.
she does not trust the doctor.
a frequency distribution is said to be skewed when its mean and median are different , or more generally when it is asymmetric , depending on the textbook .
and coins are everywhere.
the rocky coastline has been the site of a number of shipwrecks .
“as you can see, everything here is fine but we have to hit the terrorists, these extremists,” an army officer announced.
it claims only that human beings cannot be fully understood in terms of them.
in each group , teams play against each other home - and - away in a round-robin format .
free or zero-fare public transport services are funded in full by means other than collecting a fare from passengers .
despite this increase in popularity , there are people who criticize the use of this dialect .
the aerodrome continues to perform an important role in emergency services operation , civil operation , flight training and as accommodation for many community groups and organisations .
gandhi was a compassionate man .
yet dissenting voices can be heard.
context switches are usually time consuming and much of the design of operating systems is to minimize the time of context switches .
the old man who caused the accident died yesterday .
the batter goes to first base.
digital signal processing algorithms typically require a large number of mathematical operations to be performed quickly and repeatedly on a series of data samples .
don't push it.
was there anything left in your room or did you clear everything out ?
water is transported from clouds to disks mostly as ice, with no evidence for strong accretion shocks.
on single-reed instruments like a clarinet or saxophone the mouthpiece is shaped like a wedge .
why not, she asks.
i think that one is his .
gray hair made her look older.
they summarize this double perspective in two interlinked theses: “myth is already enlightenment, and enlightenment reverts to mythology” (de xviii).
but every morning, he had an ugly face.
it’s unlikely that a forest fire will ever destroy an entire city but a succession of fires could render it uninhabitable – and abandonment remains one of the most powerful causes of urban collapse.
someone who carried the virus boarded the plane in new york and infected all the passengers .
he rides it to the library.
is james in trouble?
a reusable rocket has been built by elon musk .
i'm canadian but living in scotland.
she asked, "how long do you have to think about it?"
never mind how cute a panda is or how stunning a tiger – it’s worms that are grinding up our waste and taking it deep into the soil to turn into nutrients, and bats that are catching mosquitoes and keeping malaria rates down.
but it is an irony bordering on tragedy that just as a cure for hiv/aids is beginning to seem like a realistic proposition, the belt-tightening measures of the age of austerity could halt our momentum, cripple our progress and dash our hopes for ending aids in our lifetime.
positive latitudes are north of the equator and less than zero latitudes are south of equator .
no phones, no books.
but it wasn't ok. mary didn't like people to lie.
lucy smith, glastonbury’s green issues organizer, said: “we have amazing water quality in the uk but everyone is obsessed with drinking bottled water.” she said the initiative precedes a plan for glastonbury 2015 to replace all plastic beer glasses and cutlery with reusable items in an attempt to eradicate the legacy of plastic waste from the huge rural site.
we are taking off, margaret.
all new cars have a spare tire.
danny looked at his brown shoes.
taylor polynomials are approximations of a function, which become generally better as n increases.
to aid the valuation process, the architects have monitored the housing lettings in nearby cities over a period of years, and “tagged” the homes in kiruna with the assets they possess, from internal space and gardens to proximity to bus stops and the city centre.
images of the deity , quite different from those of the other gods , were kept in homes .
have you already had your lunch ?
it is usually possible to save a text conversation for later reference .
glasses can also protect the eyes .
we should note, as well, that foucault's writings are a hybrid of philosophy and historical research, just as lyotard combines the language games of the expert and the philosopher in the postmodern condition.
the poem satirises a small incident by comparing it to the epic world of the gods .
i felt sad after watching that movie .
it's a crime in the library.
yet a more precise articulation of scientific standards and their weights remains elusive.
“a lot of the small investors may have gotten burnt, so it’s going to take time to heal that wound,” cardillo said.
if we accept this thesis about life’s essential absurdity, and camus’s anti-philosophical approach to philosophical questions, we cannot help but ask: what role is left for rational analysis and argument?
the bones were those of a very short man , just over four feet tall .
north korea is a riddle kingdom that is simultaneously threatening, bizarre and brutal.
the hottest month is july , with a mean temperature of 73.4 f.
neira online hi aziz!
another method of protection is the release of an acid from the skin .
wal-mart is a very popular store.
for the study, the researchers signed up 823 people who agreed to have metadata collected from their phones through an android app.
another estimate, that a quarter of cubans have access to the internet – still one of the lowest penetration rates in the western hemisphere – in fact measures residents who use a restricted domestic intranet featuring only certain websites and limited email.
he adds: “there are some pretty gruesome pet foods out there and, although i don’t taste them, the smell is enough to turn the stomach when i do a bit of market research.” job satisfaction: “no two days are ever the same.” it’s rewarding, wells says, that a project he has worked on will “help pets to become happier and healthier”.
menthol and other flavours will be banned from 2022, but, in a blow to the uk government, meps decided that most electronic cigarettes, increasingly popular as alternatives to tobacco products, need not be regulated in the same way as medicines.
drinking water is also affected because detroit is particularly vulnerable to water-borne pathogens.
the animal was robust with powerfully built jaws and very strong forelimbs .
case 2000 alleges netanyahu negotiated a deal with arnon mozes, owner of israeli newspaper yedioth ahronoth, for better coverage and that, in return, he offered legislation that would slow the growth of a rival newspaper.
for ryle, anderson’s generation represented “the old gang”, many the products of “those dominating scots teachers” who had established philosophy as an academic discipline in english-speaking universities around the world.
after all, in the eyes of many ethnic russians, it is the ukrainian nationalists -- not putin -- who are the nazis.
oh, that's weird.
key : years in parentheses are the year of adoption by the state 's legislature .
carolingian minuscule was the direct ancestor of blackletter .
a significant factor is the energy needed for a reasonable travel time .
there was something wrong with his leg.
his views have been spread around the world , mostly through the tracts and now online .
hence the intense interest that surrounded the announcement of a few more details of the 24th bond film – not the least its official title, spectre.
the chief executive of a central bank is normally known as the governor , president or chairman .
the whole house shook.
at the level of the operating system , sata and pata devices can be made to look the same .
do you know who your government representative is ?
the speech lasted about 40 minutes and had 4,955 words .
i wanted to see if you were a liar or not.
you're so mean!
i wish i knew how to lose all this extra weight .
they have endured decades of persecution in both countries, and sunni militants have frequently painted then as collaborators with occupying powers.
4, for differing views).
you 'll need to ask the editor about that .
obama added friday that nato, under rasmussen, was also looking at how to deal with threats like improvised explosives and cyber defenses, all serving a commitment that an attack on one nato member is an attack on all.
in males , relaxin enhances motility of sperm in semen .
your appointment will take place at 3 p.m. on thursday 14 march at our astana offices in emerald towers.
“we also continue to encourage the us to approve a budget for 2014 and replace the sequester with gradually phased-in measures that would not harm the recovery, and to adopt a balanced and comprehensive medium-term fiscal plan.” a senate-drafted peace deal that contained almost no concessions to the conservatives who had driven the country to the precipice of a new financial crisis was passed by the republican-dominated house of representatives just hours before a deadline to extend the us debt limit was to pass.
the aim of the list was to protect the belief and morals of the faithful .
"i couldn't find the soap," she said.
it was hot in the sun where we stood .
he liked bugs.
he drives his car fast.
if between 10 and 60 nucleotides are repeated , it is called a minisatellite .
he rubbed the polish all over the left shoe.
i can't wait to land.
research usually involves a mixture of field and laboratory studies .
government restrictions, instituted in 2006, forbid the export of raw teff grain, only allowing shipments of injera and other processed products.
with global travel becoming widespread at that time , cookies made a natural travel companion , a modernized equivalent of the travel cakes used throughout history .
the goal of stuttering modification therapy is not to eliminate stuttering but to modify it so that stuttering is easier and less effortful .
brenda liked the song because it was easy to remember the words.
because peter didn't take his hat off in the house.
the bridge 's movements were caused by a'positive feedback ' phenomenon , known as synchronous lateral excitation .
although this shark is a bottom-dweller and appears harmless , it can inflict painful lacerations if provoked , due to its powerful jaws and sharp teeth .
your floor is not a gigantic closet.
she had been driving on the project for years, in the face of incredulity from many people, and finding funds from all over the world when it looked as if the money would run out before the excavation had even begun.
feinstein defended the nsa bulk collection programme, but said there was a need to rebuild public trust.
not surprisingly, given the laws of supply and demand, enterprising chemists have discovered an endless array of marijuana-like chemicals that can be sprayed onto potpourri-like plant matter and sold as incense.
academic research into wide area networks can be broken down into three areas : mathematical models , network emulation and network simulation .
for example, since god is immobile and has no body, he cannot properly be said to cause anything.
﻿it is hard to tell exactly where the noise is coming from, but impossible to miss it from anywhere in damascus: all day and night you can hear the dull thud and boom of artillery, rockets or planes pounding rebel positions – the sound of war getting closer to syria’s capital.
analysts said talks might have collapsed over leaks of the partnership plan to media, or over possible insistence by apple that hyundai’s role in any tieup would be that of an equipment manufacturer, rather than a strategic partner.
germany strongly criticized the group's appearance before the media.
you are neither overweight nor too skinny .
many groups from india have set up training camps in the southern part of the country .
americans love eating beef .
services can be described in terms of i's .
in ancient times , regnal years were counted from the year a new monarch took the throne .
he also showed that neither the axiom of choice nor the continuum hypothesis can be disproved from the accepted axioms of set theory , assuming these axioms are consistent .
mutoh is credited as one of the first japanese wrestlers to achieve a fan base outside of his native japan .
metics shared the burdens of citizenship without any of its privileges .
the couple deny wrongdoing.
the book received critical acclaim .
the data, published by the department for environment, food and rural affairs as part of its “open data” scheme, is from 150,000 households who took part in the survey between 1974 and 2000, combined with information from 2000 to 2014.
neither his older sister nor his younger sister has a job .
two major special operations were planned for the attack .
we have already learned a lot from regulating other substances, such as alcohol and tobacco.
new zealand announced that the country would send two fifteen-member civil defence teams to assist in flood rescue efforts .
the clerk said it was very simple.
that does it.
jamie absolutely hated mushroom .
about half of the polyvinyl chloride resin manufactured each year is used to make pipes .
it goes without saying that humans (mammals identifiable as those that stand upright and are comparatively advanced and capable of detailed thought) have pretty remarkable bodies, given all that they've accomplished.
what's wrong with her?
"don't believe everything you read," he said.
interest in the machine grew across europe .
interviewed tuesday on nbc, christie described obama's response as outstanding, and he told cnn that the president had been incredibly supportive and helpful to our state.
before you get angry , listen to me .
statistics are correct as at 31 july 2008 .
there should be multiple means of delivering emergency information so that if one fails , others may get through .
following word of its debut , interest in the machine grew across europe .
i want a world where people live peacefully .
when descartes was informed about this disputation (when it was already too late to recommend amendments), he responded that there was hardly anything more likely to offend or antagonize theologians than to say that a human being “is an accidental being” (at iii, 460: bos 2002, 90–91).
so all you needed was some sunshine.
in the opening and middlegame , the king will mostly not play an active role in the development of an attacking or position .
hummingbird beaks are flexible and their shapes vary dramatically as an adaptation for specialized feeding .
however , the choice of instruction set architecture may greatly affect the complexity of implementing high - performance devices .
i did n't know why he was so picky about our date tonight until i realized it was our wedding anniversary .
have a good one.
strawson, for example, is a proponent of such an interpretation (1966), as are robert paul wolff (1963), jonathan bennett (1966), henry allison (1983), edwin mccann (1985), and dennis schulting (2012a).
he gave her a shot in her left arm.
gestation lasts around six to seven months .
he never listens to what i say .
the legs are the long, muscular body parts that allow humans to move from one spot to another and perform a variety of actions.
she's wearing white socks.
in an average laying hen , the process of shell formation takes around 20 hours .
languages such as tcl and lua were made from the start to be general - purpose scripting languages that could be put into any application .
the rules currently used for the sport are based on the old rules .
whitbourne has many of the facilities of a small town that has traditionally been a regional service center .
gram 's method stains bacteria according to the chemical and physical properties of their cell walls .
however , recent research has shown that at least some prokaryotes have microcompartments such as carboxysomes .
i wish i had a baby brother.
the main attack tried to rescue the trapped battalions .
that restroom is really dirty.
want to go for a ride?
arcanite is the mineral form of potassium sulfate .
but some economists are bracing for a second straight month of job losses in january.
it teaches us to read from [the image's] features the admission of falseness which cancels its power and hands it over to truth” (de 18).
“my head is no clearer now than when i first heard the news,” he said.
can i open my presents?
“the changing climate is already jeopardizing gains in the ﬁght against hunger, and it looks set to worsen,” said oxfam.
the linguistic variety here might include words suggesting: breaks (‘splits’, ‘ruptures’, ‘bifurcations’, ‘divisions’, and so on); isolation (‘indifference’, ‘meaninglessness’, ‘powerlessness’, ‘disconnection’, and so on); and hostility (‘conflicts’, ‘antagonism’, ‘domination’, and so on).
the garrote is known to have been used in the first century bc in rome .
since the mid-1970s, a great number of philosophical works have been published on the topics of change, development, and progress in science (harré 1975; stegmüller 1976; howson 1976; rescher 1978; radnitzky and andersson 1978, 1979; niiniluoto and tuomela 1979; dilworth 1981; smith 1981; hacking 1981; schäfer 1983; niiniluoto 1984; laudan 1984a; rescher 1984; pitt 1985; radnitzky and bartley 1987; callebaut and pinxten 1987; balzer et al.
they are not vertical.
then his face would look normal.
great for groups of friends.
her son yelled at deborah.
i do n't have any money to lend you for your schemes .
the arts are usually considered as part of the humanities .
construction began in ad 142 at the order of roman emperor antoninus pius , and took about 12 years to complete .
astronomy is one of the oldest sciences .
russia's relationship with nato and the united states is also a chief focus saturday.
in the game , the player takes on the role of a lord who rules over a medieval castle .
scientists discovered the bacterium in a 43 - year- old american woman who had traveled to peru for three weeks .
an attack where a charging wrestler jumps striking both knees simultaneously into the head , chest or back of the opponent .
for example, if the doubling function is given the input three, then it outputs six, and if the squaring function is given the input three, then it outputs nine.
the toast was burned to black .
it also called on the secretary of homeland security and the attorney general to determine whether to rescind a rule implementing the agreements.
“we’ve been surprised by what we’ve learned from objects that have been preserved purely by chance that give us insights into an earlier civilization,” he said.
clashes near the northern malian town of kidal between government forces and tuareg rebel armed groups have left eight malian soldiers dead and 25 others injured, according to the country's defense ministry, the state-run newspaper, l'essor national, reported sunday.
the book is divided into two parts , and is 108,260 words long .
she was eating dinner.
me too, son.
i got this wrong, but you didn't mark it.
the gestation period of queens is between 64 and 67 days , with an average of 66 days .
we were planning to go together , but she got sick .
pakistan means land of the pure, and the shias have no right to be here.
as a player , he was a defender from 1992 until 2012 .
summers can be warm and dry for extended periods creating ideal fire weather conditions .
see you soon thx for waiting
he was inside his apartment.
the spider and its web could be seen from the window .
it begins 4,750 years before the gregorian calendar .
“our politicians need to see the strength we have as one people.
the movement began in the late 1960s .
he starts to be interested in reggae music very early , and at the age of 15 , he composes his first song .
the common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs .
the boat was discovered in 1955 during the construction of the dutch a28 motorway .
sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum , or eardrum .
with figures adjusted for inflation, the 1965 release, thunderball , is only a hair’s breadth below skyfall , while goldfinger and you only live twice both outperformed the other craig films (as did the 70s bonds, the spy who loved me and live and let die ).
although not as rare in the symphonic literature as sharper keys , examples of symphonies in a major are not as numerous as for d major or g major .
one of the most notable characteristics of those dormice that live in temperate zones is hibernation .
all the evidence supports the view that species variability is limited, and that one species cannot be transformed into another.
helen's mother said it was too late—rude is rude.
after the heavy losses in the battle , people questioned why the us went into the battle .
his nose and belly almost touched the ground.
only a handful of people were involved in the selection of ekmeleddin ihsanoglu, the former secretary-general of the organization for islamic cooperation, as the two partiesjoint candidate for presidency.
then, when my new pirate is 14, i can get another new pirate!"
since 2002 , subtropical storms have been assigned names from the predetermined list of names used for tropical cyclones .
more than 100 people died.
in greek mythology , many men and women were given eternal life by being resurrected from the dead .
there is a big difference between what is happening now and what they see as the next steps in what should be happening now .
they don't walk well.
hey, this is fun.
the modern outdoor polo ball is made of a high-impact plastic .
they had a long , loving marriage .
the chef had a very big knife .
it was the money.
leaf insects use camouflage to take on the appearance of a leaf .
so , in normal diploid organisms , autosomal chromosomes are present in two copies .
that 's the house where guests stay .
do you mind getting the car started while i go get the kids ?
in 1997 a major fire burned about 1,435 km2 of the forest .
recent editions have focused on record feats by person competitors .
the question is: may we detach the violinist, causing his death?
not all scientists are convinced that the observed signatures are caused by a ring system .
importantly, the court also strengthened the foundation upon which advocates and officials will one day achieve marriage equality nationwide.
how am i a jerk?
that must be nice.
corticosteroids , such as dexamethasone and budesonide , can be used to treat croup .
a few block ciphers , such as rc5 , support a variable block size .
may called her mom.
during the 18th century , the growing population of paris resulted in the filling up of existing cemeteries , raising public health concerns .
merged with saxe weimar into saxe-weimar-eisenach
his new car is green.
under israeli law, a prime minister is under no obligation to stand down unless convicted.
it was a book.
he sat down in his chair.
"mom, can i have the cat?"
the structure and functions of the departments were re-organized with effect from 1 april 2010 .
it takes two hours to get there.
a factoring system was made come into existence for para-alpine skiing for three general groups : being seated , standing and not seeing .
the only time a female flying lizard ventures to the ground is when she is ready to lay her eggs .
he loved his students.
society as a whole needs to be transformed.
she finished her beer.
natural events are notoriously hard to predict but the prospects for malé do look particularly grim for, even if its new sea wall continues to be effective, the islands around the maldives capital are going to disappear before too long.
points are awarded to drivers and teams exclusively on where they finish in a race .
on earth , most basalt magmas have formed by decompression melting of the mantle .
a principle is a way of life.
there are approximately 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis per year in the united states , and on average 333,000 cases in developing countries .
as part of her plea agreement, barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband.
for most people , the process of smelling gives little information concerning the ingredients of a substance .
we propose a new taxonomy to divide the state-of-the-art graph neural networks into four categories, namely recurrent graph neural networks, convolutional graph neural networks, graph autoencoders, and spatial-temporal graph neural networks.
baseball bats are often used as a club-like weapon .
joe owed him money.
i actually believe that because these provocations continue and seemingly at a frequent interval, that the danger is going up and that steps must be taken to ensure that they stop, he said at a news conference in tokyo.
upgrading works has begun since early 2016 , beginning with train set 217 / 218 .
by 1970, feminism had expanded from activism to scholarship with the publication of shulamith firestone’s the dialectic of sex (firestone 1971); kate millett’s sexual politics (millett 1970); and robin morgan’s sisterhood is powerful (morgan 1970).
i was sick yesterday.
bobby woke up when he heard the dog barking.
the forces between the atoms in a solid can take many forms .
it's my first time studying online.
he said the city's heritage was vastly important to locals -- as a source of cultural pride, but also of income.
many solids react readily with reactive gases such as chlorine , iodine , oxygen or others .
menus are not covered by the agricultural standards law or by a new food labelling law due to go into effect in 2015.
yet the doctrine of double effect cannot stand on its own, according to foot; we need both the principle of double effect and the principle of doing and allowing.
echinoderms exhibit secondary radial symmetry in portions of their body at some stage of life .
a three - hour special marking the end of the show aired on november 16 , 2008 .
what is the connection between self-consciousness and the awareness of others?
the next day jane called lisa back.
i don't want to talk to you anymore.
a best friend does not arrive late.
then he straightened his arms.
there is a broader and more disheartening message that the world hears from washington on this year's international human rights day: the united states is losing its moral voice on human rights because it is not leading by example.
“however, acea fully accepts that rde will apply to new types of cars from september 2017.” in an unusual move, the car association sent timmermans a draft regulation of their own for him to consider, after eu representatives finally agreed a regulation to implement the nitrogen oxide limits with beefed-up road trials and strict monitoring of exhaust fumes.
it is a popular place for whitewater rafting and kayaking .
she likes to hear funny stories.
partly because of these mixed effects of increased medicalization, opposing narratives of pregnancy and birth continue to grow in visibility and support.
in february, 80 people, including schoolchildren, reportedly died near the ruling ba’ath party headquarters in mazraa.
where are my glasses, he wondered.
the acanthocephala , a group of parasitic worms previously considered to be a separate phylum , have been shown to be modified rotifers .
deep learning has revolutionized many machine learning tasks in recent years, ranging from image classification and video processing to speech recognition and natural language understanding.
obamacare seeks to extend health coverage to millions of americans without it and is the president's signature domestic achievement.
the major demonstrations in rio de janeiro, são paulo, brasilia, belem, belo horizonte, salvador and elsewhere started peacefully, but several led to clashes with police and arson attacks on cars and buses.
as a fine powder , toner can remain suspended in the air for some period , and is considered to have health effects comparable to inert dust .
military decorations , service awards , and medals are often mistakenly confused with one another .
the bacp website allows you to search for counsellors in your area.
according to lenin, imperialism was the necessary and inevitable result of the logic of accumulation in late capitalism.
a lineworker generally does outdoor installation and maintenance jobs .
nancy wants to live a long time.
when alisa studied in the cafeteria , she listened to music to drown out the background noise .
a foreshock is an earthquake that occurs before a larger earthquake , called the mainshock .
demi-pointe shoes are most often used to train dancers who are new to pointe technique .
carrie knew her sister was happy .
there will be a lot of international tourists in japan during the tokyo olympics .
the aim of the award is to use the power of photography to raise public awareness of the social and environmental challenges of the new millennium.
while the specter of a north korea able to send nuclear-tipped missiles is worrisome, equally troublesome to the international community is pyongyang's atomic technology fueling the black market for weapons.
see you then, laters.
everyone told her no.
polderization and occasional flooding have created salt marsh meadows .
a tables match is a match in which , to win , one 's opponent must somehow be driven through a table by their opponent .
i 've made a promise not to tell anyone .
groups of galaxies are the smallest aggregates of galaxies .
health.com: what causes adhd ?
thandiani has excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months , and snow-covered views and hills in the winter .
this plant is easy to grow .
who goes first?
on this occasion jack was offering his strongly held opinion of the chinese government, not the chinese people -- a point he subsequently clarified on the situation room on april 14.
“traditional sources of income such as fishing are dying out, now that fleets are being dismantled and fish stocks are depleted, so tourism is the only way out, as long as it is sustainable,” said sebastián galindo, a councillor from the socialist party, which is in opposition in tarifa but voted with the governing people’s party to give the project the green light.
the denver-based organization that cares for elderly poor, the little sisters of the poor, objects to complying with rules under the law that would guarantee it an exemption but, in theory, still require a third party to provide contraception insurance.
because of code sharing , a single flight may be shown with many different flight numbers .
spanish athletes have won a total of 154 medals , with sailing as the top medal - producing sport .
elk meat is leaner than beef .
the city suffered from plague outbreaks in 1544 , 1589 and 1598 .
he wanted to do something fun.
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .
the cigarette manufacturing companies in germany made several attempts to weaken the anti-tobacco campaign .
it was unclear whether china's foreign ministry was aware of the clarification when it held the tuesday news conference.
when they breathe, you can see their warm breath.
"your father always took his hat off in the house," helen's mother said.
but some say his campaign is an opportunistic strategy capitalizing on growing discontent in libya with a weak central government and a deteriorating security situation.
the ocelli of insects have a simple lens , but their focal point always lies behind the retina . they can never form a sharp image .
exchange students from italy and germany help the students learn english .
a familiar account of our knowledge of others takes the form of an argument from analogy (slote 1970: ch.
conscious thought is not necessary for knowledge of results to have its effect .
kevin wanted to lose weight.
china has officially cited resource depletion and environmental concerns as the reasons for a nationwide crackdown on its rare- earth mineral production sector .
the city has a well - preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses .
in the gregorian calendar , 303 out of every 400 years are common years .
some clays are thixotropic , and their behavior is of great importance in structural and geotechnical engineering .
not all people like to have their pictures taken .
the nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition that is known as a deviated septum caused by trauma .
honey badgers often become serious poultry predators .
because of its many uses , ammonia is one of the most highly produced inorganic chemicals .
she closed the windows in her car.
she baked plum cake for the first time .
the fallout of the weakening rhythm game market affected game developers , publishers and distributors .
sex selection is not new .
"the pets are right here," said paul.
a female gilbert 's potoroo can have two babies in a year , while carrying only one at a time .
he holds little appeal to latino voters.
overall, an estimated 13 billion plastic water bottles are sold in the uk every year, yet just one in five is said to be recycled.
in other words, for burnet, one can, upon observing a given set of circumstances, know with immediate certainty whether that act is morally good or evil.
the movie got bad reviews from critics .
on her view, even when it seems better for someone not to survive, we must respect that person’s rights.
"but, mom, times are different now," helen said.
the family is endemic to australia , and comprises 16 species in four genera .
the glenoid labrum is the second kind of cartilage in the shoulder which is distinctly different from the articular cartilage .
i was told that i was a very hard worker .
by first plan , the movie would has the 300 m length on 10 minutes , 15 thousand drawings on the 18 x24 cm size of cellophane .
both the pilot and copilot were very sleepy.
3) reason that no current version of the cosmological argument is sound.
feinstein has been a staunch supporter of the nsa’s bulk collection of americans’ phone records.
9 sep, 11:21 – le thi ha hello.
located on the hillside , the palace was considered crucial in establishing control in the early days of the kingdom .
that would be so nice.
his policy was broadly progressive .
as per oluyole and sanusi (2009) prior investigations recognized some significant explanations behind differences in cocoa output which include low harvest, impulses of environment, extreme climate situations, infection occurrence, pest invasion, and regular dangers like heavy downpour, erosion and long dry seasons.
no firm dates can be assigned to this historical figure 's life or reign .
many of the recurring characters of the series have received traits based on the respective element .
pots , made of terracotta or sometimes plastic , and window boxes have been the most common containers .
the parachute drop was a failure .
the cells of the epidermis are structurally and functionally variable .
after the death of its leader ahmad abdi godane last week, al-shabaab quickly reiterated its allegiance to the al qaeda leader, and nasir al wuhayshi, al qaeda's no.
i'm tired of looking for everything, he thought.
a tropical wave moved off the western coast of africa on september 12 .
he looked in the kitchen.
during the summer , the children swim at the old pond .
the daughter's name is sarah.
nmr spectroscopy databases provide information to relate structure and nmr data .
but these categories – or generic top-level domains (gtlds) as they are technically known – are about to undergo the biggest expansion since the start of the worldwide web.
the taxonomy of the herring gull / lesser black - backed gull complex is very complicated , with different authorities recognizing between two and eight species .
males and females look pretty similar except during the breeding season , when the most conspicuous difference is a swollen gland around the male 's vent .
my big brother is working at the stadium.
beth used to sleepwalk when she was younger , but she does n't anymore .
moreover, in the summary of the preceding steps of the b-deduction in §20 kant does not include premises from §§15–16.
the bird lives in mudflats and shallow coastal lagoons with salt water .
this was not merely a public posture, since we find the same thought in his notebooks of this period: he describes himself as an artist and not a philosopher because “i think according to words and not according to ideas” (camus 1995, 113).
mrs. which - the oldest of the three celestial beings who accompany the children on their adventure .
why is cardboard usually brown ?
in research published in the journal cell systems, the team strongly downplayed the findings of plague and anthrax, noting the extremely small trace of the latter, that rats likely carried the former and that no one has fallen ill with plague in or around new york for years.
yes, it's always really quiet.
hazzard died in new york city on 12 december 2016 from complications of dementia , aged 85 .
she was trying to kill a mosquito .
he didn't want to play sports.
all hardcovers contain the contents of the comics , including the covers , and in some cases bonus material .
she held the money in the air.
richard felt like he was annoying jess with all the attention he was giving her .
see you there?
some children think their mothers are personal maids .
he saw a red light behind him.
she needs a new pair of shoes.
typically unitary authorities cover towns or cities which are large enough to function independently of county or other regional administration .
wet chemistry uses laboratory glassware , such as beakers and flasks , without quantitative chemical analysis using instrumentation .
the original source of what has become known as the “problem of induction” is in book 1, part iii, section 6 of a treatise of human nature by david hume, published in 1739.
the design on the shield shows the sun , also found on the flag , rising from a blue and white sea .
the conference board’s survey last week showed consumers’ perceptions of labor market conditions deteriorated further last month.
the park was established in 1981 .
in august, nearly 260,000 people in northeastern china and north korea fled their homes as heavy rains caused the yalu river to overflow its banks, state news outlets in those countries reported sunday.
these sometimes immense gatherings fuel the ocean food web .
pam ran out of the house.
violating these protective rules threatens the public perception of other legitimate victims who want their day in court.
as we just saw , stock investments are not as safe as we once assumed they would be .
and in pakistan, the army has gone on the offensive against the pakistani taliban -- an al qaeda affiliate also riven by division -- in the north waziristan tribal area.
a table consists of an orderly arrangement of rows and columns .
treatment for cerebrovascular disease may include medication , lifestyle changes and / or surgery , depending on the cause .
she held it in her hands.
they are often known in english as planes or plane trees .
the cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful specialized jaw .
she is calling the roll, jennifer.
“without the habitats directive, i don’t think we would have had this recovery,” he said.
in romeva’s view, the project is also at fault because the proposed site has too little water in a town that already suffers from shortages in the summer weather that scorches the southern spanish region of andalusía.
they lived in florida.
timber is generally pale pink to pinkish brown in color , often with distinctive light grey streaks .
kevin and beth arrived a couple minutes before the concert .
﻿every morning, before the temperatures in india’s capital start to rise, a handful of old friends gather.
the laws of physics can be used to understand how a bullet moves after it leaves the barrel .
as labour sources announced the party would suspend campaigning in local elections as a mark of respect, its leader, ed miliband, said: “she will be remembered as a unique figure.
asked a reporter.
he used to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.
this movie got mixed to positive reviews .
a few years ago, people started using synthetic marijuana to evade drug tests -- and it caught on, once news reports publicized its existence.
the central urban area forms one unit .
prisoners today get three meals a day.
frequently two types of sports competition are played in this rural community .
she called the police.
zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract .
based on the sizes of the moons , the original asteroid may have been about 28 km in diameter .
one seat is in the front.
jet aircraft can fly at the speed of sound .
another recently developed source of rare earths is electronic waste and other wastes that have significant rare- earth components .
the great majority of large breakers seen at a beach result from distant winds .
there were two baby birds.
nurses show the three-finger salute as they rally in a protest against the military coup and to demand the release of elected leader aung san suu kyi, in yangon, myanmar, february 8, 2021.
you won't shut your mouth until i get wasted.
that's ridiculously expensive!
i 'd like to take a trip somewhere to see new places and meet new people .
two players regularly form a side in courts divided by a net like tennis .
the stage itself has been given named areas to help blocking .
this entry will use imperialism as a broad term that refers to economic, military, political domination that is achieved without significant permanent european settlement.
i've always watched the news.
haftar also launched what he called an open-ended war on islamist extremist groups and vowed to purge libya of them.
failure to wear the rainbow jersey where required carries a penalty of 2500 to 5000 swiss francs .
"oh, i'm sorry," her mom said.
where do you hurt?"
crystallinity can be measured using x-ray crystallography , but calorimetric techniques are also commonly used .
he always does what she says.
they both said, "of course not, boss!"
we eat lunch .
everyone's taste is different.
more than 18 million people are already facing serious food shortages across the sahel.
he had lost his job.
that could boost president joe biden’s push for the u.s. congress to pass his $1.9 trillion recovery plan.
famous people must be very careful with how they present themselves , like making sure nobody is around when they go out in public .
they sleep in triple bunk beds.
with a similar battle already looming over the testing of co 2 emissions for cars at the end of 2015 – and with comparable debates in other countries – the introduction of the eu’s new emissions tests will be watched closely.
there exist more complicated algebraic solutions for the general cubic equation and quartic equation .
row the boat?
most of the coins of later series have specific commemorative topics and are usually made of precious metal .
"can i have a job?"
the united states is pushing for a realignment of military spending priorities.
they transcend nature.
the rate of fire depended on the skill of the soldier , which was typically about three shots per minute .
as a result the two worlds collide and it seems they are doomed by circumstance .
we propose a model accurately describing the orbital evolution.
chikako is always so cheerful .
the long dry spell last summer made all of the plants in the gardens parched and brown .
communication between riders and drivers, between different vehicles and between cars and infrastructure is bringing transportation into a new era, according to allan clelland, an expert on transportation technology.
economists debated the ramifications of quantitative easing on global inflation and asset bubbles with considerable rigor .
samuel clarke likewise employed the principle of sufficient reason in his cosmological argument (rowe 1975: chap.
he looked for his jacket.
it won the award for best pie in football two years running and attracted quite a reputation amongst away fans for its quality .
this lets the photographer control the amount of light reaching the film or image sensor .
that's an awesome shirt.
cafferty, who appears daily on cnn's the situation room, made the remarks as host wolf blitzer was comparing today's china to that of 20 or 30 years ago.
arrow was born on 23 august 1921 , in new york city .
cold seeps occur over fissures on the seafloor caused by tectonic activity .
the purpose of the event is to have the hardest shot .
i'm an a+ student.
i wish i could tell you who was responsible , but we may never know .
in the past five years, women and minorities have lost ground despite evidence strongly suggesting that gender parity and board diversity have positive effects on profitability.
by this reckoning, licence to kill is the worst-performing of all bonds, with moore’s final effort, a view to a kill, in second-to-last place.
when the alarm sounded , all the doors were locked and we were asked to remain in one room .
that's for books only.
rooth died in sweden on 27 february 1972 .
descriptive statistics were used to identify strategies to reduce malaria infection among cocoa farmers.
we hired a new gardener .
i hope it's a racecar!
she said she didn't feel right.
the tits are generalist insectivores that consume a wide range of small insects and other invertebrates , particularly small defoliating caterpillars .
cockburn was mainly concerned with grappling with the defects and strengths of some of the predominating issues in moral theory at this time.
thus we may think of propositions as they were understood by hellenistic philosophers as functions of time.
on the hillside above the main house stands a four- bay carport , servants ' quarters , and a guest house .
the report, substantially authored by professor phil scraton of queen’s university, belfast, and unanimously agreed by the panel of eight experts, found there was “no evidence … to verify the serious allegations of exceptional levels of drunkenness, ticketlessness or violence among liverpool fans ”.
it's time to face the facts: obesity is one of america's most deadly problems, and sugary beverages are a leading cause of it, said new york mayor michael bloomberg in a statement earlier this month.
the service sector makes up most of the local economy .
i was born here .
this was the fourth time carol had lied.
but having won, he returned to famous lines from earlier speeches, reprising once again his 2008 slogan about “hope”.
and even though president obama and 41 governors have signed legislation criminalizing various forms of synthetic marijuana, this stuff is n't going away -- that is, until we legally regulate marijuana itself.
the first settlements date from 1500 bc .
forget large sodas, how about banning french fries ?
we have this sought-after grain being grown in the country, so why can’t an ethiopian farmer benefit from this?”
many internet users have been tricked into looking at the site at one time or another , it has become something of an internet meme .
was something in his pillow?
the image below presents outdated usage of various video game content rating systems around the world .
greater openness with his employer and colleagues made his return to work easier.
that was 1977 but, in 2015, as the franchise approaches its seventh big-screen instalment, interest in star wars shows no sign of abating – now, there is news of a new film about han solo and of a reappearance for darth vader.
they lived in a small town in florida.
go all the way around.
black powder had a very low specific impulse .
another risk is that most base jumping venues have very small areas in which to land .
huth could have complied with this rule by naming cosby as john doe, or some anonymous designation.
and it’s not just the sea – rainfall is also endangering cities across the world.
senate minority leader mitch mcconnell, r-kentucky, led the gop charge against the bill and accused democrats of crafting it to favor labor unions -- traditionally democratic allies -- over other types of donors.
i made dinner while you were napping .
the rock python 's color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from tan to dark brown shades .
(on this issue, see hare 1981).
if you increase the speed, kumar explained, the robot flies up.
it's time for school.
timbuktu in the 14th to the 16th century was an important university city where many manuscripts referring to knowledge of astronomy, economy, religion, mathematics, physics, and medicine were produced, said lazare eloundou, chief of the africa unit for unesco's world heritage center.
are you friendly and do you like chatting with people?
a total of 44 nations were represented at the 1924 games .
in his statement, the dalai lama complained the chinese state-run media's coverage of the recent events in tibet, using deceit and distorted images, could sow the seeds of racial tension with unpredictable long-term consequences.
please tell your wife .
it might come out if someone buys an item from the same column yours is on.
maria went to a book store.
in determining the patient's unique needs, it is becoming increasingly important for the dentist to work with other cutting-edge, integrative practitioners to fully assess the individual requirements of the patient before, during, and after dental care.
both types strike by rapidly unfolding and swinging their claws at the prey , and can cause serious damage on victims larger than themselves .
cashiers must stand on their feet all day .
pesticides are used to control organisms that are considered to be harmful .
the draw for the qualification stage took place on 8 april 2015 , immediately after the announcement of the host nation .
these four discoveries had a big impact on the development of chinese civilization .
in languages other than english , the meanings of multiple and aggregate fruit are reversed .
it smelled bad.
as a branch of political philosophy, feminist political philosophy has often mirrored the various divisions at work in political philosophy more broadly.
netanyahu has been charged with fraud and breach of trust.
going to a movie is a great idea.
there are wide , shallow valleys , and many granite rocks .
however, the sentiment is calm rather than violent, so an unphilosophical perspective treats it as a property “of the object” (s, 218).
the defense alliance will also develop a standing capability to train local security forces and create a civilian arm to deal with other nations and groups.
the red light was bright.
looking forward to meeting you all!
while cinema depictions suggest the device is near-infallible, the us supreme court ruled, in 1998, that there was no consensus that the polygraph was reliable, a finding supported by the us national academy of scientists in 2003.
consistent with other roles in modern corporations , management accountants have a dual reporting relationship .
there were, therefore, wide-ranging debates in the ancient and medieval period not only about the nature of self-consciousness, but also about its relation to other aspects of the mind, most notably sensory perception and awareness of the body.
also sometimes seen in older deeds and contracts as a more traditional way of incorporating terms of reference .
saltwater crocodiles mate in the wet season , when water levels are at their highest .
he got in a car accident.
success in local politics paves the way for success in national politics, as turkey's political islamists have shown time and again over the past two decades.
berkeley does so, and so does kant in arguing for the transcendental idealist part of his complex position.
that was the third straight weekly decline.
once we stop maintaining a city, nature takes over very quickly.
we counted shooting stars .
i do n't know what to do about this problem .
apart from the moral case against torture, anderson pointed out that it was a very unreliable way of gathering accurate information.
my three - year- old daughter falls on the floor and cries if she does n't get what she wants .
have something to eat first.
everyone stopped what they were doing when the earthquake shook the building .
shellac is a very widely used single -component resin varnish that is alcohol-soluble .
the beetle is an invasive species , and a serious pest which destroys ash trees .
all i want is $1,000.
franz rosenzweig certainly saw rosenstock-huessy in this light, and he once said to him: ‘you have never…been to me anything other than a “philosopher”’(1969, 82).
but the united states has thus far refused, looking first for proof that north korea is serious about not stoking military tensions and serious about stifling development of its nuclear program.
she said he could use his middle name.
in order for an officer to seize an item , the officer must have probable cause to believe the item is evidence of a crime or is contraband .
he cannot pay his rent.
no, that's not it at all.
she is allergic to oysters .
sponsored by chairwoman dianne feinstein, the bill lets the nsa continue to collect phone metadata of millions of americans for renewable 90-day periods and allows the government to retain it.
she died in her sleep on 6 march 2018 , from natural causes at the age of 88 .
the county is divided into municipalities .
he sat down at the table.
his teacher was friendly.
other commentators, including richard aquila (1989: 159), howell (1992: 227–8) and schulting (2012a) agree that the b-deduction features the reciprocity thesis and an attempt to establish its truth, while ameriks (1978) disagrees.
australian mists are medium-sized short - haired cats , with a round head and large eyes .
with more than 1,000 samples collected at all of new york’s 466 open subway stations, mason and his team ran the organic materials through a dna sequencer and, then, through a supercomputer armed with genetic databases.
it is often difficult to know how to tell if someone is lying or not .
ask me anything anytime.
a router is connected to two or more data lines from different ip networks .
sweden is a constitutional monarchy and king carl xvi gustaf is the head of state , but the role of the monarch is limited to ceremonial and representative functions .
"will the school find me a job?"
the problem was caused by ineffective management .
this is much more important than any election, christie told cnn's piers morgan tonight.
he was elected at a time when people were tired of war .
false memories are a major problem with witness statements in courts of law.
the first claim of responsibility for the bombing in the afghan capital has come from a militant sunni group in pakistan with a history of sectarian attacks against shia.
a similar vote monday ended with the same result.
there are two major styles of punctuation in english : british or american .
you have nothing left .
this is more abstract than many of the processes studied in elementary algebra, where functions usually input a number and output another number.
he fixed his tie before starting his presentation .
he picked it up again.
i will teach you how to be the best piano player in the whole world."
unlike war crimes , crimes against humanity can happen during peace or war .
ockeghem was not a composer who wrote lots of music , but it is hard to tell as some of it might have got lost .
i love it when babies giggle .
what is that for?
feel free to email me with any other questions.
many small organisms such as rotifers , copeopods and platyhelminthes use such this design , but their eyes are too small to produce usable images .
they fill up the trash bags.
in the next 10 to 11 hours , the radioactive cloud moved towards the north- east , reaching from the accident .
there was a point to his complaint.
"do you want my car for free?"
the main economic activity of the municipality is farming .
(2018) posited that a greater percentage of small-scale farmers in nigeria leave (sic) in the rural areas.
today’s children do the majority of their remote socializing by sending written messages or through shared photographs and videos.
as one activist from hama put it to me recently: we do n't need military intervention, we do n't need humanitarian corridors, we do n't need safe areas.
this is a great book you're checking out.
she heard noise.
synthesis of polyesters is generally achieved by a polycondensation reaction .
“loneliness is a recognized problem among the elderly – there are day centres and charities to help them,” says sam challis, an information manager at the mental health charity mind, “but, when young people reach 21, they’re too old for youth services.” this is problematic because of the close relationship between loneliness and mental health – it is linked to increased stress, depression, paranoia, anxiety, addiction, cognitive decline and is a known factor in suicide.
her nose was red.
there are, he says, two possible types of arguments, “demonstrative” and “probable”, but neither will serve.
modern video cameras have numerous designs and uses .
this is a medical alert bracelet .
glucksmann died in paris on 10 november 2015 at the age of 78 .
it appealed to the daniel-craig-era fans, who are relative newcomers to the franchise, and it also managed to engage the older, more nostalgic elements of the audience, who may have lost interest over the previous few films.
the city has numerous historic religious buildings .
in the united states , the game is played by a group of people .
they must be certified in cardiopulmonary resuscitation (cpr) techniques, and be trained to handle all situations.
the swedes are asking for regular visits, the officials said.
the glans penis is the expanded cap of the corpus spongiosum .
netanyahu says he is the victim of a politically orchestrated “witch hunt” by the left and media to oust him from office, and that receiving gifts from friends is not against the law.
she helped andrew draw dogs and cats.
(vv 53) nevertheless, foot admits that the moral issue is not entirely resolved by the matter of rights, so it does not follow that there is no moral objection to doing something because it would involve no violation of rights.
the race for natural resources will be hard , the biocapacity of the world will be exploited more and more .
liam works very fast .
the battle abruptly ended the period of triumphant roman expansion that followed the end of the civil wars forty years earlier .
sawadogo was sent to a religious school where the students often did n't have enough to eat .
haematoxylin and eosin staining is often used in histology for thin sections of tissue .
“you can kill without understanding that you have done it.
2020), and annihilation or decay signals of dm particles (e.g., strigari et al.
coussmaker sat for reynolds 21 times and his horse 8 times between february 9 and april 16 , 1782 - an exceptional number of times .
it should get cooler in the afternoon .
the book store manager said, "i'm sorry.
he wanted to buy a book about bugs.
“with numerous news reports over discussions between the two companies, which should have been held to non-disclosure agreements, it would have been uncomfortable” said kwon soon-woo, an analyst at sk securities.
she ran away from tommy and his friends.
she had never been to a circus.
the restoration even includes the same type of television .
we're sleeping here tonight, jason.
this has made it more attractive, even in europe where coal use was supposed to be discouraged by the emissions trading scheme.
i'd rather get wet than listen to you.
why was she so tired all the time?
that can easily be fixed.
then she rinsed her hands with the water.
as of 2010 , the municipality had a total population of 819,543 , up from 758,791 as of 2005 .
the municipality had 258 inhabitants in 2003 .
boomerang coasters have occasionally stalled , often in the cobra roll element .
he has made over 90 movies , most of them were documentaries .
the hamster was afraid so it bit my finger with its little teeth .
while a recent state department environmental impact study appeared to brighten prospects for approval, senior administration officials indicated harper is not likely to receive the news many in his nation want to hear during the summit.
the computer imaging techniques allow doctors to gain in-depth insights into the deepest interiors of dead bodies.
the authors suggest that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have .
the road goes through a big forest full of tall trees.
emily loves contributing in class and that makes her a very engaging student .
after 1932 he withdrew from tournament play as his noted anthropophobia showed traces of schizophrenia during a mental breakdown .
sorry, she doesn't have any time today.
he always had his bagel with cream cheese .
summers can be warm and dry for a long time .
small amounts of hydrogen sulfide can be found in crude petroleum .
eventually , the roman art of baking became known throughout europe and eventually spread to eastern parts of asia .
the tv went off.
i think so, if you are tall enough.
you want to play?
my brother asked me to pick up more bananas from the market on my way home .
on 21 july , the fire was 15 % contained but burned through 74,083 acres .
researchers studying the opsin genes responsible for color-vision pigments have long known that four photopigment opsins exist in birds , reptiles and teleost fish .
it takes to 27 the number of defendants charged by the us with a further 24 unnamed 'co-conspirators' including former fifa executive committee members.
she didn't listen to her parents.
he escapes from the police.
second, sexism is seamlessly coupled with the distribution of capital.
the medicine kept walter alive .
since such a series of temporal phenomena cannot continue to infinity because an actual infinite is impossible, the world must have had a beginning and a cause of its existence, termed allah or god (craig 1979: part 1).
organometallic compounds may be found in the environment .
mike went to bed.
have you ever been alone in a new country ?
current feminist political philosophy is indebted to the work of earlier generations of feminist scholarship and activism, including the first wave of feminism in the english-speaking world, which took place from the 1840s to the 1920s and focused on improving the political, educational, and economic system primarily for middle-class women.
oxygen is very reactive and must be kept away from anything that can burn .
he lives in my dorm at university.
july and august are the hottest months .
this trend could continue as vehicle-to-vehicle data communication, as well as communication between vehicles and the surrounding infrastructure, grows.
it's trippy, huh?
they go golfing every weekend no matter how bad the weather is .
changes with regard to features (ii), (iii), and (v) are hotly debated amongst socialists.
by virtue of their fast-moving strategies, hedge funds are quick to spot new trends.
oats are also occasionally used in several different drinks .
you can use ours .
if it was new , i 'd buy it .
for nearly ten years he worked on the relationship of man to the apes .
we also do n't know what the reaction of the islamist groups will be with regard to the manuscripts.
he talked of the rise in the number of imprisoned americans from 300,000 40 years ago to 2.3 million today, the large number of black americans who have been permanently deprived of their ability to vote due to prosecution on low-level drug offenses and the question he said is posed by the death penalty -- not whether criminals deserve to die, but whether america as a society, deserves to kill.
finally, he went off the road.
those who saw the apparition stood in the rain for up to two hours .
it's really pretty.
smoking marijuana in public is still illegal , and anyone caught doing so will have to pay a $ 100 fine .
he thought and thought.
we get pork from pigs.
we will return to these criticisms below.
the current constitution, drawn up by the military junta in 1982, gives the head of state significant authorities, which erdogan would push to the limit by invoking the national will he claims to embody; a claim that would be further reinforced and personalized in the event of his election.
zika virus can also spread by sexual transmission from infected men to their partners .
the series remains popular today .
these statutes provide the legal framework for protection, sustainable management and use of the country’s environment and natural resources (gok, 1999, 2010, 2013).
but we are at the hospital.
al-almi's most destructive attack to date was a double suicide bombing in northwest pakistan last year.
when the hairdresser finished, susan looked at her hair.
he failed the test to become a firefighter .
in addition, it is one of the few censures in which a bishop was involved right from the start, and not, for instance, at a later stage of the proceedings as judge of an appeal.
the fundamentals of bird flight are similar to those of aircraft , in which the aerodynamic forces sustaining flight are lift and drag .
this pet store doesn't smell."
although dissimilar in overall appearance , gophers have been united with kangaroo rats into a common superfamily for a considerable time .
obama is a person whose power is respected .
thandiani is characterized by excellent weather and lush greenery in the summer months , and snow-covered vistas and hills in the winter .
calculus, originally called infinitesimal calculus or "the calculus of infinitesimals", is the mathematical study of continuous change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations.
the ranger said the parking lot was full.
it is made by reacting sodium carbonate with silver nitrate .
kathy said, "soap."
anthropomorphism can happen by mistake too .
a design competition in 1927 did not produce a winning entry .
when the need for a town crier disappeared , the position passed into local folklore .
it was relatively small, and although they did take into account the parentshistory of adhd, the researchers did n't collect data on whether the children had siblings or other relatives with attention or hyperactivity problems.
new zealand , one of australia 's closest allies , said they would be sending two fifteen member civil defence teams to assist in flood rescue efforts .
the type a viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease .
a new direction in the field of vital pulp therapy is given by the introduction of tissue engineering as an emerging science.
yes, i am.
while the film is now considered a classic comedy , critical reaction was mixed when the film was released .
the process of cell reproduction has three major parts .
dialectic of enlightenment is a product of their wartime exile.
the song was released in november 2013 .
an iron man match is a multiple - fall match with a set time limit .
a request line containing only the path name is accepted by servers to maintain compatibility with http clients before the http / 1.0 specification in .
for an individual person , information security has a big effect on privacy , which is viewed very differently by people in different cultures .
billy always listens to his mother.
limitations periods are more controversial in sexual assault cases because complainants -- sometimes children -- will repress memories, or fear coming forward.
earth is very old .
have you ever seen this kind of issue before ?
she turned her head quickly .
the gravitational redshift and bending of light rays emitted by a compact object affect the form and spectrum of the observed signals.
how many eggs did the chickens lay ?
in rescue ii, we can save five, but to reach them we would for some reason would have to run over one person, killing him.
are those your hockey sticks ?
the united states is urging north korean authorities, through the swedes, to release the man on humanitarian grounds.
the following is a list of serum hcg levels .
competition occurs when organisms or species need or use the same resources .
one seat is in the back.
they also like swings.
yeah, i like how it looks.
feature movies usually have insurance when principal photography starts .
recall that frege’s ambition was to reduce mathematics to logic by showing how, substituting synonyms for synonyms, every mathematical truth could be shown to be a logical one.
started as a political youth organization in 2000 and became a political party in january 2006 , running in the 2006 elections .
with their long velar filaments deployed , vampire squids have been observed drifting along in the deep , black ocean currents .
they illustrate discrimination, whether it is conscious or not.
the company has so far refunded more than 10,000 consumers to the tune of 20m yen; the eventual bill is expected to reach 110m yen.
﻿the threatened extinction of the tiger in india, the perilous existence of the orangutan in indonesia, the plight of the panda: these are wildlife emergencies with which we have become familiar.
the puck flew into the crowd .
by 1947 , penicillin had become the standard treatment for syphilis .
in the past , chikungunya existed mostly in developing countries .
no animal can run as fast as a cheetah .
the twins liked wearing the same pajamas .
this daisy may be used as a potherb .
brenda liked to sing this song.
carbon dioxide is the most significant long-lived greenhouse gas in earth 's atmosphere .
china has over 32,000 species of vascular plants , and is home to a variety of forest types .
the stone may be displayed on a rosewood pedestal that has been carved specifically for the stone .
for increased efficiency the sectors should be serviced in order of proximity to the current head position , not the order received .
no one is waiting in line.
the building of both bridges was problematic , with both the first and second bridges requiring several redesigns from multiple architects .
i really need to see her.
the parachute drop was a complete failure .
there may be two subspecies of the siamang .
plasmapheresis is a medical therapy that involves blood plasma extraction , treatment , and reintegration .
thomas died on april 30 , 2016 of natural causes at the age of 91 .
polyhedra may be classified and are often named according to the number of faces .
as illustrated in figure 1, an image can be considered as a special case of graphs where pixels are connected by adjacent pixels.
the current tower is the second to occupy the site .
while the vast majority of demonstrations in rio were peaceful, several police were injured in clashes at the city’s legislative assembly, at least one car was overturned and burned, and windows were smashed in the offices of banks and notary offices.
and it bene ﬁts society.” 3.
benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal .
the company, which trains dolphins and killer whales to perform tricks in front of stadiums full of spectators, has reported declines in attendance, sales and profits because of “continued brand challenges”.
i am attaching some more information, photos and the prices.
about 400 hotels and restaurants were ordered to close for violating local environmental laws , while 3 casinos have been permanently shut down .
do you know what book he was reading ?
the fourth generation ipad shipped with ios 6.1 .
but the nominalist’s assertion that (1) is true but that there are no abstract objects is made in lp.
at the end of the 20th century the whole building was restored .
the first necessary things used in the sport includes outrigger skis , sit-skis , and mono-skis .
north dakota is banning drivers under age 18 from using cell phones in their cars and barring all drivers from texting.
pumice is created when super-heated , highly pressurized rock is violently ejected from a volcano .
it may also have launched a torpedo that same year which sank a south korean navy ship, killing 46.
in 1999 the common pipistrelle was split into two species on the basis of different -frequency echolocation calls .
she 's already done the sweeping .
as a result microbial mats began to produce the atmosphere we know today , in which free oxygen is a vital component .
frank loves his wife.
after receiving nearly 100 reports of stuck gas pedals in ford and mazda vehicles, federal regulators said tuesday they have launched an investigation into the problem, which is a suspected cause of one death and nine injuries.
the function produced by deriving the squaring function turns out to be the doubling function.
there is a hole in my sneakers .
the warm gas water abundance is universally low: orders of magnitude below the h2o/h2 abundance of 4 × 10−4 expected if all volatile oxygen is locked in water.
the stars in planetary nebulae are very hot .
the question of the size and scope of the federal government is at the heart of both campaigns.
ted aims to feature cutting-edge technology at its conferences, and this year's event, labeled full spectrum, was no exception.
paul has a red bicycle.
“for those who might have quit drugs, there is now no incentive.
okay, suit yourself.
mainland chinese users can access the app by modifying the location of their app store.
depending on the grocery store, customers can purchase fruits in a few different ways.
she tells billy, "you are my best child."
b. f. skinner was responsible for a different type of machine called glider , which used his ideas on how learning should be directed with positive reinforcement .
the idea that science is a collective enterprise of researchers in successive generations is characteristic of the modern age (nisbet 1980).
when writing currency amounts , the location of the symbol varies by language .
he talked about the weather.
according to the report, north korea engages in murder, torture, slavery and mass starvation to terrorize the population into submission.
in march 2011 , the band announced they would take a break .
her favorite way to fall asleep is to read before bed .
then she clipped all the nails on her right hand.
then she realized what he was doing.
i need to research.
the film was released on 19 march 2004 in spain and 10 september 2004 in mexico .
2012; shu et al.
teachers play an important role in students ' lives .
the supposed small galaxy contains a relatively high percentage of red giant stars , and is thought to contain an estimated one billion stars in all .
traditional faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
they are similar in size but slightly smaller than the herring gull .
the story was covered by many reporters .
the tradition of homecoming has its start in alumni football games at colleges and universities since the 19th century .
william finds literature fascinating .
he brushed his teeth.
below is a list of longest reigning cruiserweight champions in boxing measured by the player 's longest reign .
he also says that in this case the content becomes turned inwards (introversion, [einwärtswendung]).
another protest march, near rio’s maracana stadium, was met with a similarly heavy police response.
butter cakes are traditionally made using a creaming method , in which the butter and sugar are first beaten until fluffy to incorporate air into the butter .
one legend says that the ship was doomed because priests were not allowed to board it in the customary manner .
dredge nets have a coarse mesh in order to let organisms smaller than the target species through .
there is more than one way to make a great lasagna .
look at that shooting star !
nothing in this dinosaur museum is real .
“the most important thing is to have a regular time and place to reflect on your life and to have an empathetic listener.” for developing personal skills such as empathy, counselling can help.
our grandmother loved feedings us desserts .
agriculture and commerce with haiti represent the main economic activities of this municipality .
six subclasses are generally recognized , although many works have further included the ostracods among the maxillopoda .
the pandemic has caused wild swings in productivity.
nor will people living with hiv here in the united states be spared.
finally they were at the front of the line.
the bleeding girl was helped to her feet by several bystanders and taken to the hospital .
the movie received mixed reviews .
the doctor asked me about what she ate .
when i dropped off my backpack in the locker room , i thought i saw yours in there too .
the big engine didn't leak oil.
twitter is one part of a male dominated social structure, economy and culture, all of which rely on cradle-to-grave sexism to be profitable.
others angered by cafferty's remarks were urging a boycott of cnn's advertisers.
my professor looked like someone i knew in high school but i could n't quite figure out who .
apart from the various logical puzzles and sophisms, there are only two topics on which we can be sure of a positive contribution to logic by members of the dialectical school.
the town is known for its large originating from a castle built at the beginning of the 13th century .
the policeman said, "pull over to the side of the road."
she was sitting in a bar.
no, i have work tomorrow, and i don't want to be hung over.
police said an investigation unit was trying to determine the circumstances of the shooting.
we have to feed him twice a day.
after boiling it , the lobster turned orange .
it is a two-hour drive from their home.
that restaurant was almost empty.
this movie got mostly positive reviews .
the vegetation is mostly sub-tropical rainforest with some wet sclerophyll forest .
unaipon took out provisional patents for 19 inventions , but he could not afford to get any of his inventions fully patented .
she jumped in again.
helen never walks late at night ever since her friend was robbed .
many right -wing politicians supported the proposal .
sixth is the roof escape hatch that is in place on all funny cars since the founding of the division in the early 1970s .
numbers seven and eight on the list are of a different kind from the first six , and have generally not been considered by the other authors .
in an exclusive interview with cnn's chris lawrence, georgian president mikhail saakashvili said he hoped that russia's deepening partnership with nato would cause moscow to take a more civilized approach in dealing with its neighbors.
many large tech companies have a reputation for innovation , spending large sums of money annually on research and development .
that bombing was not the worst damascus has experienced as the situation has deteriorated.
swift died at home in london from respiratory failure on 1 february 2019 , aged 82 .
in most cases , control engineers make use of feedback when designing control systems .
as the killer 's epithet implies , the victims usually were attacked with an axe , which often belonged to the victims themselves .
in the 1990s , major card issuers in the us raised the cash- back percentage up to 5 % .
where c and e are events that actually occur, this truth condition can be simplified somewhat.
fred had a red rubber ball.
boyce is best known for his eight symphonies , his anthems and his odes .
he likes music .
to test the animals’ ability to share brain information, they put the rats in two separate compartments.
the melodic and harmonic versions of the scale are written in with accidentals as necessary .
my father teaches mathematics, and my mother is a nurse at a big hospital.
all water birds have webbed feet which help them to swim very fast .
he liked his beef medium rare .
it suggests the story that his naked corpse was brought back slung over a horse, mocked and abused all the way, is true.
secondary injuries are caused by fragmentation and other objects propelled by the explosion .
she left the bar.
after it is fired , earthenware is opaque and non-vitreous , soft and capable of being scratched with a knife .
the sustainable use of these planting materials leads to the constant demand of the planting materials by farmers which can be triggered from viable processing.
polo is not played exclusively on horseback .
the 20 in diameter cannon accepted balls that weighed 175 kg .
it is possible to walk upon the walls for roughly half the circumference .
he will move into his car.
the function of masturbation in males is to flush out old sperm with low motility from the male 's genital tract .
perjury is considered a serious offense , as it can be used to usurp the power of the courts , resulting in miscarriages of justice .
people started to travel around the world at that time , and cookies made a good travel snack ; a sweeter version of the travel cakes used throughout history .
keep your knees up when you jump .
can you be that "someone?"
there are various reasons as to why children do not attend school in japan .
skis for women must be at least 200 cm long .
many island rails are flightless because on a small island without threatening predators they do not need to fly or move long distances .
the first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds and were usually set flying .
he was in english class.
her stomach grumbled loudly because she missed lunch .
many different countries started raising money and sent medical teams or search and rescue teams to haiti .
one way to get around all of these problems and still retain the humean formulation is simply to redefine the laws of nature.
hold on, son.
“it is outrageous that anyone can steal an artist’s work and get away with it.
in may 1863 , the inspector-general had directed the police to act on their own initiative .
i have never met a more honest student.
the friction between the ropes and the pulley furnishes the traction which gives this type of elevator its name .
the provinces and territories are all sub-divided into regions for a variety of official and unofficial purposes .
this heritage from rome also yielded the source for florence’s mild and peaceful relations with other italian cities and their citizens, signaled by its protection of all italy from the domination threatened by the milanese.
the movie received mixed reviews from critics .
researchers in molecular biology use specific techniques that are typical for molecular biology , but they combine these with techniques and ideas from genetics and biochemistry .
the idea of separation is important.
have you tried disconnecting and reconnecting the modem?
the first european to come to the region may have been the spaniard alonso de ojeda in 1499 .
what edition do you need?
these are large birds , with colorful male plumage , but are nevertheless difficult to see in the dense vegetation they inhabit .
planned economies have sometimes been successful .
they both wanted to make each other happy.
is this a one-way ?
negative one has some similar but slightly different properties to positive one .
on 29 april 1789 he was caught stealing food .
some adults travel to other countries to have access to sex with children , which is unavailable in their home country .
what do you like about it?
there are wild goats in hawaii .
two soundtrack albums were released , with the second coming after the huge success of the first one .
she tried almond oil for the first time .
the island 's animals are mainly birds , although rabbits are long established here .
once opened and populated , they typically offer only the most bare - bones of service : a cot and perhaps a bowl of hot soup .
the seagulls came flying at us when they saw our sandwiches .
i'm so proud!
the question remains: how close is it ?
santa claus is said to fly around the christmas sky in a sled powered by his magical reindeer, or cold-resistant, mythically powered, individually named animals, delivering presents to each child's house in the process.
after new zealand abolished its provinces in 1876 , a system of counties similar to other countries ' systems was instituted , lasting until 1989 .
procaine was first made in 1905 , and was the first man-made pain-killer that could be taken as a shot .
however , mitochondrial dna only reflects the history of females in a population .
para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-alpine skiing .
“the statements that american intelligence officials have made about collecting on the intentions of foreign leadership, that’s consistent with the understanding i’ve had for years, as a member of the intelligence committee,” he said.
recently, many studies on extending deep learning approaches for graph data have emerged.
she wiped the plate dry.
she told me to listen for the phone while she was in the shower .
meinong’s so-called self-presentation [selbstpräsentation] usually counts as a mark of consciousness, of the manifest mental.
in modern times , even the practice of animal sacrifice has disappeared from some religions , and human sacrifice has become extremely rare .
similar mean orbital elements led the discoverers to postulate a common origin for the group in a break up of a larger body .
hume proposes that feeling, not thought, informs us that an object is beautiful or ugly, or that an action exhibits virtue or vice: “the very feeling constitutes our praise or admiration” (t, 471).
standing ovations are also often given in a sporting context to reflect an outstanding individual performance .
once the plant is allowed to flower , it may produce seed pods containing small black seeds .
with their righting reflex , cats often land uninjured .
in the spirit of focusing on what can be done, sustainia award, chaired by arnold schwarzenegger, celebrated ten leading sustainability solutions deployed in 84 countries.
under these conditions hadronic phase transitions are expected [11] which may result in sharpin-time emission of massless particles (photons and neutrino) [12].
the first goal of treating gout is to reduce the symptoms of an acute attack .
more detail on the health of the drive may be obtained by examining the smart attributes .
a cyclist must wear the jersey when competing in the same discipline , category and speciality that he is world champion for .
i can't take your word for it.
i don't know, maybe pink.
most complex natural products are chiral , and the bioactivity of chiral molecules varies with the enantiomer .
arachnids produce digestive juices in their stomachs , and use their pedipalps and chelicerae to pour them over their dead prey .
al-assad and his inner circle are not about to create conditions that are conducive for such sit-ins just because the annan plan calls on them to do so.
until the early 20th century , arsenic was frequently used as an embalming fluid , until it was supplanted by other more effective and less toxic chemicals .
paper clips can be used to pick a lock .
she was eating breakfast.
yes , i am impatient !
the climate here is very different from that of sweden .
many buildings are made with steel beams .
some have argued that hume’s argument does not establish any far-reaching skeptical conclusion, either because it was never intended to, or because the argument is in some way misformulated.
she may be having a welcome party for her step sister .
i'm not comfortable answering that.
this area is known for its peaches .
in april 2009 , part of the roof fell down .
he puts water on the rag and wipes all the dirt away.
rolling resistance is also the reason that some human civilizations did n't use wheels .
it has a horizontal bands of yellow , green and red ; charged with a large white five-pointed star at the center .
these are the friends whose names you know .
"i promise you, peter will take his hat off next time."
iocaste belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break - up of a captured asteroid .
galaxy groups are the smallest groups of galaxies .
foucault focuses upon the moment of transition, as modern reason begins to take shape in a confluence of concepts, institutions, and practices, or, as he would say, of knowledge and power.
the british were slow to strike back at first .
metics typically shared the burdens of citizenship without any of its privileges .
a foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
fighting within the ruined city was fierce and desperate .
although you 've no doubt seen this kind of crime before , it is nevertheless shocking to see the violence .
there are different types of encyclopedias .
i always injure myself during basketball season .
this hammer blow to aids research funding will be accompanied by cuts to a range of other hiv/aids programs -- cuts that will have negligible effect on the federal deficit but will have real consequences for people living with hiv/aids in the united states and around the world.
in october 2015 , the districts were abolished .
as a virtue, care is a general attitude, opposed to callousness and indifference to the needs of others.
the russian government has argued that the move will lead to “an increase in illegal circulation of cocaine” and warned that “it also sets a dangerous precedent that could be used by other states in creating a more liberal drug-control regime”.
i jumped across the puddle to avoid my shoes getting wet .
they don’t speak english so i can practice my french.
the surface area , surface elevation , and water volume of the reservoir fluctuate based on inflow and local climatic conditions .
russia and iran will probably not abandon al-assad until they are part of the deal-making process about syria's future government.
territorial sovereignty has traditionally been seen as a defining element of state power and essential for nationhood.
he taught them how to think.
mudrocks make up half of the sedimentary rocks in the geologic record , and are easily the most widespread deposits on earth .
angling is the principal method of sport fishing , but commercial fisheries also use angling methods such as longlining or trolling .
tracy looked at the flag.
infection rates are higher in some countries in africa and asia .
it means it's recess time, charles.
where are the kids ?
black snakes eat insects such as cockroaches .
during moments of certainty, it is as if my perception is guided by “a great light in the intellect” (med.
nepal is divided into seven provinces .
the album caused controversy because of a poster that was inserted in the original record sleeve .
a major upgrade took place place between 2010 and is expected to be completed in 2015 .
instead, nasa is buying services from u.s. industry.
she wants a job.
i wish she could have seen it .
the company also produces soft drinks .
a merger was proposed already in 1964 but did n't become reality until a meeting on 6 december 1992 .
here is a list of things to buy .
there are two types of pages in desktop publishing : electronic pages and virtual paper pages to be printed on physical paper pages .
with around 10,000 known species , the oligochaeta make up about half of the phylum annelida .
the meaning of this particular title has been disputed .
there were 26 total reigns and 1 vacancy .
their main focus was the structure of scientific theories and patterns of inference (suppe 1977).
he gave her a bag of apples for christmas.
colonialism, then, is not restricted to a specific time or place.
nitrous oxide also may be used in a monopropellant rocket .
how is he now?
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .
in more explicit terms the "doubling function" may be denoted by g(x) = 2x and the "squaring function" by f(x) = x2.
she always wore boots with heels .
breckinridge ordered his field officers to inspect the troops and to report back with the condition of his troops .
“these are clearly cover-ups.” the fraudulent menu scandal has exploded at just the wrong time.
a total of thirteen people have served as prime minister of upper volta / burkina faso .
they turned the plane around.
in this survey, we provide a comprehensive overview of graph neural networks (gnns) in data mining and machine learning fields.
largely because of their rugged , inaccessible habitat , they are very poorly known .
june weddings are popular there .
none of them would admit that they made a mistake , and that everyone was equally at fault .
first , euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each land mass is irrelevant .
there was no place to park.
they got together to pray and wish the rains would stop flooding the river and drowning the crops .
the line formation provided the best frontage for volley fire , while sacrificing maneuverability and defence against cavalry .
the new flag is a horizontal tricolor flag of yellow , green , and red charged with a five-pointed white star in the middle of the field .
enzymes , which are chiral , usually only work with one enantiomer of a chiral substrate .
the risk is that washington and its allies will neglect imminent challenges in afghanistan while refocusing on the militant challenge in iraq.
from top to bottom, the eyebrows, or horizontal strips of hair that can be found above the eye, are the first components of the head.
it can be made by dissolving bromine in hot potassium hydroxide .
the one with his head down.
his wife doesn't visit him.
victoria was very good at changing billy 's diaper .
staples include pasta, rice, flour, sugar, milk, meat, and eggs, and bread.
fresh potatoes are also becoming less essential with a 67% decrease from 1974, when adults ate the equivalent of 188g every day.
a polypeptide is a single linear polymer chain of amino acids .
the game was poorly received by critics and gamers alike .
he rides it to his friend's house.
a tgv test train set the world record for the fastest wheeled train , reaching 574.8 km / h on 3 april 2007 .
upon its release in 1975 , critical response was mixed , although the box office receipts were strong .
insurance is defined as an agreement between two parties where one party called the insurer agrees to an exchange called premium to pay the other party a fixed measure of money in the event of sudden incident (adams 1995).
the spines are long and sharp in some species , and protect the urchin from predators .
it is easy to understand people who speak clearly .
in other words, the contact with science is a characteristic feature of the theory of categories, and therefore of ontology (a.intro1).
watches evolved in the 17th century from spring-powered clocks , which appeared as early as the 14th century .
what conditions must that arguments satisfy if it is fit for its intended purpose?
glucocorticoids are part of the feedback mechanism in the immune system which reduces certain aspects of immune function , such as inflammation .
cockatoos are recognizable by the prominent crests and curved bills .
most forms of leukemia are treated with pharmaceutical medication , typically combined into a multi-drug chemotherapy regimen .
sometimes people become irrational when they are emotional .
liam stayed around while jess worked on her art assignment .
do you know what you 're doing this weekend ?
the idea that the planet can sustain 9 billion people without making disruptive changes is wrong, he said.
neutrophils are the most abundant type of white blood cells in mammals , 70 % of leukocytes .
this food has a great deal of unsaturated fat .
the lakes are renowned for their distinctive colors , ranging from azure to green , grey or blue .
historically , many accidents and catastrophes have resulted from microsleep episodes in these circumstances .
it offers a temporary fix, funding the government until 15 january and raising the debt ceiling until 7 february.
she had nowhere to go.
there's the bus.
the reminders app allows users to make lists and alerts that can be based on a date or a location .
embryo transfer can be performed after various durations of embryo culture , conferring different stages in embryogenesis .
humans now play a top role in the biosphere , with the large amount of people in many of earth 's ecosystems .
yes, but they need to keep him for further tests.
critics gave it mixed reviews .
hormones are defined functionally , not structurally .
i 'm happy to provide you with more information on the blueprint for the new infrastructure .
above - average sea water temperatures caused by global warming is the leading cause of coral bleaching .
holiday said that she began using hard drugs in the early 1940s .
a large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s , many of whom were ancestors of today 's residents .
i 'm interested in why some people experience joy and others do n't .
the dusty halo seen in pictures is big , being around 2000 km in lengthwise extent .
the club have had a number of different kit manufacturers since the 1970s .
maria is 18.
fitzroy sought a gentleman companion who could also collect information on geology and natural history during a proposed circumnavigation of the globe.
the pygmy avoids human contact .
on friday it reacceded to the convention, but with an exemption from the prohibition on the chewing of coca leaves.
can you read a barometer ?
the lights came back on.
the petrifaction process occurs underground , when wood becomes buried under sediment or volcanic ash and is initially preserved due to a lack of oxygen which inhibits aerobic decomposition .
differential cryptanalysis is usually a chosen plaintext attack , meaning that the attacker must be able to obtain ciphertexts for some set of plaintexts of their choosing .
on this issue, she rather surprisingly abandons her commitment to objectivity, claiming that it is a matter for a community to decide whether to count the fetus as a human being (md 7).
when a person drinks a dangerous amount of alcohol , they can get alcohol poisoning .
(he provides as a comparison “pinpricks of conscience register less than pangs of conscience.”) in a typical utterance of “the number of apples is two”, the number functions as a representational aid.
“but what we are ﬁnding is that the mistakes are being made by the models which predict less warming, not those that predict more.” he added: “sceptics may also point to the ’hiatus’ of temperatures since the end of the 20th century, but there is increasing evidence that this inaptly named hiatus is not seen in other measures of the climate system and is almost certainly temporary.” global average air temperatures have increased relatively slowly since a high point in 1998 caused by the ocean phenomenon el niño, but observations show that heat is continuing to be trapped in increasing amounts by greenhouse gases, with over 90% disappearing into the oceans.
ammonia is one of the most produced inorganic chemicals , with global production reported at 176 million tonnes in 2014 .
his feet were lower than his head.
like other reptiles , turtles lay eggs which are slightly soft and leathery .
for example, in 2010, it bombed a south korean island about 70 miles from seoul, killing four people.
you are a pitcher as well?
in some non-mammal species , including fish and birds , the tectum is one of the largest components of the brain .
do you think that carl will be the valedictorian of the class of 2017 ?
why would you give the 10,000 inmates the color they like ?
but she made headlines on the politically charged case around the affordable care act just as new rules were about to take effect.
starting from an appropriate initial value determined by the injection energy , the field strength of the dipole magnets is then increased .
dimethylmercury is extremely toxic and dangerous to handle .
a slide in oil majors bp and royal dutch shell also weighed, with shell reporting its lowest annual profit in at least two decades.
since 2002 , subtropical storms have been given names from the same naming sequence as tropical storms .
we asked ﬁve people doing some unusual jobs how much they are paid, what the worst parts are and why they enjoy their work.
it has also a distinctively epistemic character, involving a kind of rational insight.
there was a woman singing this morning .
“these services are convenient but there are some negative things that can happen,” rivera said.
over 99 % of the bacteria in the gut are anaerobic , but in the cecum , aerobic bacteria reach high densities .
the authors are not saying that myth is “by nature” a force of enlightenment.
hedge funds are turning bullish on oil once again, betting the pandemic and investors’ environmental focus has severely damaged companies’ ability to ramp up production.
like many other plants , some palms are in danger of dying out because of human activity .
it changes the calculus and the dynamics, he said.
enlightenment thinkers, such as gottfried wilhelm leibniz and samuel clarke, reaffirmed the cosmological argument.
with the recent real-world developments like facial recognition atm [181] and face id security on mobile phones [182], it is apparent that deep learning solutions, especially those originating from computer vision problems are about to play a major role in our day-to-day lives.
estimates suggest that, while those in urban areas eat up to 61kg of teff a year, in rural areas, the figure is 20kg.
anti-nuclear groups say that reliance on nuclear energy can be reduced by adopting energy conservation and energy efficiency measures .
between the years of 1991 and 1994 , several accidental and unrelated employee deaths occurred .
the giant panda has luxuriant black - and - white fur .
these were the men who ran the red light .
my toast was a perfect golden brown .
the company says 95% of its transactions globally are paid back on time and late fees contribute less than 14% of the company’s total income.
he is often shown with a yellow face .
town criers were protected by royalty , as they sometimes brought bad news such as tax increases .
i open the door .
as surveying is related to mathematics , he later studied the geometrical importance of complex numbers .
barium hydroxide is used in titrations .
he got out some eggs.
he told her that he had a new girlfriend.
north korea's latest nuclear test, coming on the heels of december's successful satellite launch, suggests that pyongyang is moving forward toward developing a nuclear warhead and a deliverable missile system, experts say.
wayne gretzky was one of the best hockey players of all time .
colonialism is not a modern phenomenon.
i 'm so angry right now .
most of the area of these hilly hamlets and villages is covered with trees .
it 's starting to snow , so maybe classes will be canceled tomorrow .
i 'd like to take the lead on this .
tennis is an olympic sport and is played at all levels of society and at all ages .
use my colors to draw.
the faa said it will review the recommendations.
there were some changes in the terms of their service which may have created resentment .
the canons were not intended to be a comprehensive explanation of reformed doctrine , but only an exposition on the five points of doctrine in dispute .
raises questions about the concept of a nation or national identity, about what it is to belong to a nation, and about how much one ought to care about one’s nation.
modern historical linguistics dates from the late 18th century .
the game was separated into five episodes , released in two -month intervals .
the current cantonal constitution dates from 1997 .
all aerobic organisms produce co2 when they oxidize carbohydrates , fatty acids , and proteins in the mitochondria of cells .
the americans fought in the vietnamese war .
she smelled something.
she asked how much.
ip versions 0 to 3 were experimental versions , used between 1977 and 1979 .
and, why not ?
the emperor died from a disease which afflicted him with sores , apparently the first royal victim of smallpox in japan .
the diagram illustrates the encryption process .
how about that one?
she placed her bag on the floor .
all 16 - bit programs run by default in a single virtual dos machine with shared memory space .
modern video cameras have numerous designs and uses , not all of which resemble the early television cameras .
16:08 is it good?
for example, the line broadening of xray observed by the asca satellite can be explained by the strong gravitational effect on the light emitted from the accretion disk located near to the central black hole [4, 5].
go ahead , get it off your chest .
the fruit is usually eaten by cutting it in half , then scooping out the pulp with a spoon .
for people who are unwilling or unable to take medication regularly , long-acting depot preparations of antipsychotics may be used to achieve control .
blackmail is against the law .
this is thought to be one of the most important battles for the control of the indian subcontinent by the colonial powers .
please do n't touch mine .
the episode features cover versions of six songs , which received mixed reviews from critics .
the pygmy killer whale avoids human contact .
one might say that set theory was born in late 1873, when he made the amazing discovery that the linear continuum, that is, the real line, is not countable, meaning that its points cannot be counted using the natural numbers.
on envelopes and postcards there are often four square boxes printed in orange ink at the bottom right for the postcode numbers .
the theory has been criticized and modified over the course of time , as one of several competing theories of emotion .
in 2009 , the club decided to become an alliance club starting in 2010 .
carol said she would call mary at 7 o'clock.
"those are beautiful colors," his mom said.
i haven't been there in a while.
while i was moving boxes , i heard a sudden loud noise and saw a big rip in my jeans .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu’s corruption trial resumes on monday, when israel’s longest-serving leader will have to enter his plea to charges of bribery, fraud and breach of trust.
this passage from the notebooks is typical—“to indulge the fable of ‘unity,’ ‘soul,’ ‘person,’ this we have forbidden: with such hypotheses one only covers up the problem” (ksa 37[4] 11: 577)—and there are many, probably hundreds, like it (see d 109; gs 333; bge 12, 17, 19, 54; gm i, 13; ti iii, 5 and vi, 3).
the basic equation of radiometric dating requires that neither the parent nuclide nor the daughter product can enter or leave the material after its formation .
that haunted house scared me .
there are five living former presidents .
by the 7th millennium bce , exceedingly large and organized settlements were found in the region , relying on deep wells for sources of water .
bees love pollen from flowers .
salary is £50,000 a year.
spontaneous abortion occurs in various animals .
will you allow us to go ?
some people hide their money under their bed.
wass died on 4 january 2017 at the age of 93 .
companies with at least one woman founder make up only 13 % of those funded.
many authors (especially those who composed mirror-of-princes books or royal advice books during the middle ages and renaissance) believed that the use of political power was only rightful if it was exercised by a ruler whose personal moral character was strictly virtuous.
by the twentieth century , modern bookbinding materials prevented much of the damage done to books by book -boring insects .
yet because socrates links his discussion of personal justice to an account of justice in the city and makes claims about how good and bad cities are arranged, the republic sustains reflections on political questions, as well.
stories of black mambas that chase and attack humans are common , but in fact the snakes generally avoid contact with humans .
a moonsault happens when a wrestler does a backflip and lands on their opponent .
but by taking advantage of the current crisis and unemployment, builders and mayors who agree with them can justify any amount of destruction.”
he thought about the day ahead.
since the end of the series rumors have circulated that a feature length movie was in the works .
and this is your best work yet!
my son is a volleyball player .
some were released on hardship grounds, the documents said, but about 330 jurors completed the questionnaire.
do you belong to a gym ?
on 9 december the government confirmed that about 90 foreign heads of state and government and 15 former leaders would travel to south africa to attend funeral events .
that's so inconvenient.
she asked her sister which purse to buy .
without heat , a fire cannot begin .
that is pretty cheap.
four types of endorphins are created in the human body .
thunderball, on the other hand, owed its disputed status to writer-producer kevin mcclory, who helped fleming outline the original story and who claimed ownership of the novel over subsequent decades, and produced never say never again as a result.
she was very thirsty and desperately needed water .
civil rights guarantee equal protection under the law .
the candidates in this section have held public office or been included in a minimum of five independent national polls .
s of 2009 , there are seven roquefort producers .
additionally, nurses are medical professionals who help to administer doctor-ordered treatments to patients.
it was closed.
there are two subspecies .
“shisha can be sniffed or injected and it can be made in home laboratories – you don’t need any specialized knowledge.
winners are listed first and indicated with double dagger
first, there are n't enough women at twitter or in the tech world because there are n't enough women anywhere.
when the time comes , i will tell you .
i don't have any clean laundry for tomorrow!
small handmade balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover .
architecture is the art and science of designing buildings and structures .
lisa said she was eating.
it was almost midnight.
the policeman said, "because your radio is too loud."
this period dates from 1908 to 1914 and the beginning of world war i .
dog-food taster the job: tasting dog food to make sure it meets a premium brand’s quality standards what it involves: opening sample tins of each freshly made batch of dog (or cat) food, smelling it and eating it.
(2011) showed the portion of cocoa in agrarian gross domestic product surge from 13.7% in 2000 to 2004 to 18.9% in 2005/2006.
samuel found the city of london quite exciting .
i wish it would stop raining .
all tracheary elements develop a thick lignified cell wall , and at maturity the protoplast has broken down and disappeared .
she was thinking about her boyfriend.
anderson was an exact contemporary of wittgenstein and heidegger, yet only seven years older than ryle himself.
french is the only official language in france as a whole and in these municipalities .
none of the windows were open.
next, jack put the eggs on a plate.
thioethers are important in biology .
there were many pictures in the magazine.
in astronomy , the brightness of an object is given in terms of its absolute magnitude .
kappes died from anaphylaxis caused by an insect bite , aged 52 .
these somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .
it had pictures of squirrels and birds.
another creator of the snpu is oleh tyahnybok, a high-profile leader of the kiev protests who has blamed ukraine's problems on a jewish conspiracy run out of moscow.
the evidence that preventive antibiotics decrease urinary tract infections in children is poor .
al qaeda strongholds still exist there are still plenty of places where al qaeda supporters are active and their operations growing: eastern libya, syria and the sinai peninsula in egypt, where they have found breathing space amid a collapse of state authority.
i 've never seen such a fat turkey .
the group claimed it took 30 prisoners, including 24 soldiers and three regional government officials.
the silver handle was round.
a similar call was reportedly made to the bbc's urdu-language service.
duroplast is light , flexible , and strong .
do you have a cell phone?
at a large synchrotron facility there will be many beamlines , each optimized for a particular field of research .
new laws in delaware and hawaii make same-sex couples eligible for civil unions and grant them the same rights and benefits as married couples under the law, the legislature group said.
the average stillbirth rate in the united states is approximately 1 in 160 births , which is roughly 26,000 stillbirths each year .
it is a complete package for everybody’s body and a cheap way to keep you hale and hearty.”
there are lots of beautiful old buildings to visit.
this has enhanced self-sufficiency in feeding their populace.
she 's changed her major from math to chemistry .
the shape of the cabling layout used to link devices is called the physical topology of the network .
most click beetles are under 2 centimeters long and dull in color .
they have a living room.
unusually for falcons , plumage often differs between male and female , although as usual with monogamous raptors the female is slightly larger than the male .
the designers analyzed idea to measure its strength against differential cryptanalysis and concluded that it is immune under certain assumptions .
in order to study how these false memories might form in the human brain, susumu tonagawa, a neuroscientist at the massachusetts institute of technology (mit), and his team encoded memories in the brains of mice by manipulating individual neurons.
it's nice to meet you, michelle.
she thinks red shoes are pretty.
two spotted leopards, two macaque monkeys and a brown bear will be returned to marian thompson, widow of farmer terry thompson.
the most complex molecular machines are made of proteins , and found in cells .
mother was happy to finally get a new dog after daisy died .
among 6- to 7-year-olds, who have grown up with youtube, spotify music streaming and online television, the average dq score was 98, higher than for those aged between 45 and 49, who scored an average of 96.
she gave them toys to play with.
putin -- the leader of a democracy, albeit a highly corrupt and politically stagnant one -- simply meddles in the affairs of countries that could reasonably be said to fall within his country's historical sphere of influence.
pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed or shallow - draft operations .
chemical vapor deposition is a high temperature method that is widely employed for the preparation of coatings and semiconductors from molecular precursors .
new zealand is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy .
"how long does the class last?"
we can deliver it on tuesday."
perhaps they can argue that there is a fairly sharp boundary, though one that is hard to define.
all of the species are small land frogs , about 4 cm in length .
at age ten she was traveling , had boyfriends and wanted to be an actress .
the corruption case has had a polarising impact on israelis.
maybe if you ask nicely, i will!
buber’s lectures at the freies jüdisches lehrhaus and his courses at university of frankfurt, as well as letters to rosenzweig show that, at the time of its writing, he was preoccupied with a new approach to the phenomenology of religion (cf.
antibiotics have no effect against viral infections or against the viruses that cause the common cold .
now known simply as opera , the browser has become very popular despite the competition .
the authorities have created their own reality, brainwashed the population to keep the state functioning and the regime secure.
at present , the school has already 40 sets of computers and other facilities needed by the growing population .
under the new plan, nato will bolster its role in counterinsurgency efforts, as well as the stabilization and reconstruction of key countries, according to rasmussen.
there will be war .
angling is the main method of sport fishing .
over half of afterpay’s customers in the united states are millennials, aged 25 to 40 years-old, it said.
what seems to be the problem?
but, now, scientists fear the real impact of declining wildlife could be closer to home, with the threat to creatures such as ladybirds posing the gravest danger to biodiversity.
once the project was finished , there was nothing more to do .
he was on holiday in germany the next summer when world war i broke out .
immanuel kant took up hume’s idea and claimed that existence is not a “real predicate”, a claim that is often interpreted as an anticipation of gottlob frege’s famous doctrine that existence is not a predicate of individuals.
wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin .
i do n't know why everyone looked surprised when they knew they would get caught .
he gave her an orange another day.
the serfs also had to pay taxes and fees .
he had very thick eyebrows .
other nebulae form as the result of supernova explosions ; the death throes of massive , short- lived stars .
oh, i see what you are doing.
in finland , solitary and contemplative isolation is often the object of the pastime .
primary hypersomnias are very rare .
after his football career he became a successful international referee .
all around the subway, bacteria associated with cheeses – brie, cheddar, parmesan and the mozzarella of ubiquitous new york pizza – turned up.
what is it?
he caused a problem .
an cafe has been a long time supporter and endorser of popular japanese fashion label sex pot revenge , as they are frequently seen wearing clothing from that label .
the night is still young!
we have individuals that have shown negative behaviour.
clerks often play essential roles .
the nine- banded armadillo also serves science through its unusual reproductive system , in which four genetically identical offspring are born , the result of one original egg .
an important point about this definition of socialism is that socialism is not equivalent to, and is arguably in conflict with, statism.
this research contributed greatly to understanding how each cerebral hemisphere works .
what should she give him?
the sea is frozen over most of the year .
this is an area where most people drive rather than walk .
an aerostat is a system that remains in the air primarily through the use of floating to give an aircraft that has the same overall density as air .
binary form was most commonly used in the baroque era for short dances called minuets .
it's now in the courts.
in some groups , the elytra are fused together , rendering the insect flightless .
the flight test program was hampered by problems with the 747's jt9d engines .
two of the largest known impact events on earth happened during the orosirian .
i ain't payin $5.
most coral reefs were formed after the last glacial period when melting ice caused sea level to rise and flood continental shelves .
the biologist sent the lab many plant specimens .
the club decided in 2009 to become an alliance club from 2010 .
that is more important than your english."
new world coral snakes exist in the southern range of many temperate u.s. states .
the four-page ruling, which only affects mondadori magazines france, closer’s publisher, also ordered it to pay €2,000 in legal costs.
mohammed et al.
when someone dies , they are sent to one of many bars run by bartenders .
however , when once face with negative reactions to his open racism , he temporarily retreated .
traditional anarchists were primarily interested in sustained and focused political activism that led toward the abolition of the state.
the leopard cat is the most widely distributed asian small wild cat .
the novel tells about ideal civilization of powerful mages which have invited paranormal skills like telepathy , levitation and mediumism .
most stingrays feed primarily on mollusks , crustaceans , and occasionally on small fish .
jigsaw puzzles come in a variety of sizes .
who needed to hear about more problems?
it 's as easy as pie .
most hormones initiate a cellular response by initially binding to either cell membrane associated or intracellular receptors .
steppenwolf is an immortal with superhuman strength , speed and stamina appropriate to his race .
can i have your name?
who is the author of that book ?
kart racing is generally accepted as the most economic form of motorsport available on four wheels .
in an unfree society whose culture pursues so-called progress no matter what the cost, that which is “other,” whether human or nonhuman, gets shoved aside, exploited, or destroyed.
on april 15 , 2013 , a fire began in the library .
although most of a cell 's dna is contained in the cell nucleus , the mitochondrion has its own independent genome that shows substantial similarity to bacterial genomes .
the last condition was clearly aimed at isis and its merciless campaign against non-muslims and non-sunni muslims in both iraq and syria.
i will now access your computer from my location.
pens ready for collection between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. jackie is leaving the office at 4 p.m. today.
i wish i could find a career that would let me work with animals .
it was a new pet store.
seven of the 39 people hurt in the quake suffered serious injuries, nagano prefectural police said.
he waited while the eggs cooked.
for another, our motive in conforming our actions to civic and other laws is rarely unconditional respect.
in 1895 , the six premiers of the australian colonies agreed to establish a new convention by popular vote .
the collection window has now been restricted to two hops and 18 months at most.
it aims to regenerate a functional tooth-tissue structure by the interplay of three basic key elements: stem cells, morphogens and scaffolds.
indeed, the abject terror or trauma caused by an assailant may be why the victim lets the limitations period run.
transposable elements represent one of several types of mobile genetic elements .
green toads are typically bright to pale green in color , with black spotting .
in one case, she did not have enough money to cover a $43 sweater purchase, which resulted in a $35 overdraft fee from her bank.
a tropical wave is usually preceded by an area of sinking , intensely dry air , sloping as a northeast wind .
each round uses 6 16 - bit sub-keys , while the half- round uses 4 , a total of 52 for 8.5 rounds .
the mons pubis is the soft mound of fatty tissue at the front of the vulva , in the pubic region covering the pubic bone .
are there not enough seats for everyone?
on january 27 , 1993 , he died of congestive heart failure while he was sleeping in his paris hotel room .
then, because socrates wants not only to show that it is always better to be just but also to convince glaucon and adeimantus of this point, and because socrates’ proofs are opposed by the teachings of poets, he bolsters his case in book ten by indicting the poets’ claims to represent the truth and by offering a new myth that is consonant with his proofs.
the account in books five through seven of how a just city and a just person are in principle possible is an account of how knowledge can rule, which includes discussion of what knowledge and its objects are.
second, it assumes that politics in the republic is based upon the moral psychology in the republic, and thus that the former is more profitably discussed after the latter.
“these snapshots, which showed the intimacy of a couple, partially naked on the terrace of a private home, surrounded by a park several hundred metres from a public road, and being able to legitimately assume that they are protected from passersby, are by nature particularly intrusive,” it said.
it is also indebted to the second wave of feminism, which, beginning in the 1960s, drew on the language of the civil rights movements (e.g., the language of liberation) and on a new feminist consciousness that emerged through women’s solidarity movements and new forms of reflection that uncovered sexist attitudes and impediments throughout the whole of society.
one of the first theoretical advances of second wave feminism was to separate out biological conceptions of women’s identity from socially-constructed ones in order to disprove the notion that biology was destiny and hence that women’s main role was as mothers and caregivers.
the sex/gender distinction pointed to “a set of arrangements by which the biological raw material of human sex and procreation is shaped by human, social intervention” (rubin 1975, 165).
with this socially-constructed notion of gender, early second-wave theorists sought out an understanding of woman as a universal subject and agent of feminist politics.
one champions the category of woman (in the singular and universal), arguing that the specificity of women’s identity, their sexual difference from men, should be appreciated and revalued.
this “difference feminism” includes two distinct groups: (i) those who look at how gendered sexual difference is socially constituted and (ii) those who look at how sexual difference is constructed symbolically and psychoanalytically.
social-difference and symbolic-difference feminisms have very little to do with each other but, dietz argues, they share the notion that a feminist politics requires a category woman that has a determinate meaning (dietz 2003, 403; nicholson 1994, 100).
in fact, there arose a sense that the public sphere ultimately might exert more power than the state, at least in the fundamental way in which public will is formed and serves to legitimate—or not—state power.
it is prior to, and the basis of, any subsequent expression of praise or admiration.
taste is a “productive faculty, and gilding or staining all natural objects with the colours, borrowed from internal sentiment, raises, in a manner, a new creation.” that new creation is “beauty and deformity, virtue and vice” (epm, 294).
the appeal to sentiment offers a middle position between the two prevailing theories within english letters, hobbesian egoism and ethical rationalism.
we may speak as if objects and people have moral and aesthetic properties, but the relevant property is merely an “idea raised in us.” hume alters hutcheson’s theory by imposing his own philosophical vocabulary, making beauty an impression rather than an idea.
“[w]hen you pronounce any action or character to be vicious, you mean nothing, but that from the constitution of your nature you have a feeling or sentiment of blame from the contemplation of it.
vice and virtue, therefore, may be compared to sounds, colours, heat and cold, which, according to modern philosophy, are not qualities in objects, but perceptions in the mind” (t, 469).
although they are secondary qualities and so do not directly reveal the properties of the occasioning object, some color perception is “true and real” (sot, 272), and so it is for hume likewise with beauty.
however, virtue and beauty are not strictly analogous to secondary qualities, such as heat and cold, because a critic’s claim that a work is beautiful involves an element of endorsement that does not arise in the observation that ice is cold.
in many cases, beauty and gracefulness (both aesthetic and moral) are inexplicable; they resist our efforts at explication, and we must trust the “sure testimony of taste and sentiment” (epm, 267).
philosophical categories such as labor, objectification, alienation, sublation, property, and others all explored in hegel’s philosophy were scrutinized dialectically by marx (kellner 1984: 79).
philosophical anthropology and radical subjectivity are connected here insofar as the intolerable conditions that must be overcome by revolution or the radical act represent social distortions of the human essence.
it is marx and hegel who provided marcuse with a philosophical anthropology that discloses human essence and the social mechanisms by which it is distorted.
in these theories labor is not viewed as that activity by which the human subject is constituted.
the marxian view of labor as a self-formative process is what makes possible the marxian theory of alienation and revolution.
instead of having his or her subjectivity affirmed, the individual becomes an object that is now shaped by external, alien forces.
hence, marx’s theory makes a transition from an examination of the self-formative process of labor to a critique of the forms of alienation caused by the historical facticity of capitalism.
within the historical facticity of capitalism this fact appears as the total inversion and concealment of what critique had defined as the essence of man and human labor.
labor is not “free activity” or the universal and free self-realization of man, but his enslavement and loss of reality.
the worker is not man in the totality of his life-expression, but something unessential [ein unwesen], the purely physical subject of “abstract” activity.
an influential strand of feminist ethics developed over the past four decades, the ethics of care, is one area of philosophy that implicitly recognizes personal relationship goods because “care” is, itself, a main relationship good which has been claimed to play a central role in moral, and, more recently, in political thinking.
whether understood as an activity, relationship or disposition geared towards meeting needs, care has been attributed universal moral value.
moreover, care is necessary for the coming into existence of persons: it is only within relationships with good care-givers that children can acquire moral knowledge and dispositions and, ultimately, full agency (held 1993).
similarly, some care ethicists argue that friendship is necessary for developing a rich sense of autonomy, since friends give us the most direct access to particular values and conceptions of the good (friedman 1993) second, as eva kittay argues, care has universal value because most individuals require it to different degrees at different moments throughout their lives beyond infancy or childhood: some of us only during illness and old age, while others—people who are chronically ill or disabled—more or less continuously (kittay 1999).
truth-value realism is the view that every well-formed mathematical statement has a unique and objective truth-value that is independent of whether it can be known by us and whether it follows logically from our current mathematical theories.
for although truth-value realism claims that mathematical statements have unique and objective truth-values, it is not committed to the distinctively platonist idea that these truth-values are to be explained in terms of an ontology of mathematical objects.
for even if there are mathematical objects, referential and quantificational indeterminacy may deprive mathematical statements of a unique and objective truth-value.
conversely, truth-value realism does not by itself entail existence and thus implies neither object realism nor platonism.
for there are various accounts of how mathematical statements can come to possess unique and objective truth-values which do not posit a realm of mathematical objects.
the nominalist’s assertion is thus perfectly coherent provided that (1) is translated non-homophonically from lm into lp.
and indeed, when the nominalist claims that the truth-values of sentences of lm are fixed in a way which doesn’t appeal to mathematical objects, it is precisely this sort of non-homophonic translation she has in mind.
a small but important tradition of philosophers urge that the debate about platonism should be replaced by, or at least transformed into, a debate about truth-value realism.
in the light of this, ajakaiye and adeyeye (2001) discovered that smallholder-farming households in many emerging nations of the world with no exception to ghana are ensnared in the rancorous pattern of insufficiency.
this succession is portrayed by low output and low returns from the farm, occasioning in practically no sparing funds, necessary for the revolution of their farming expedition, accordingly adding to the low position conferred on farmers within the populace.
as indicated by sarris (2002), insurance warrants a base cost for an explicit amount over a determined duration for which the safety net provider pays a forthright premium.
individuals procure insurance coverage hoping to receive a sum, anytime the policyholder encounters protection secured misfortune (nimo et al., 2011).
one of the earliest of these collections of medieval condemned articles originated towards the end of the thirteenth century under the name of parisian articles or also collectio errorum in anglia et parisius condempnatorum.
if one compares tempier’s 1277 syllabus to the other lists of errors assembled in the compilation of parisian articles two features stand out, namely the anonymity of its targets and its promulgation by a bishop.
comprising the other significant component of timbuktu's heritage legacy, this immense trove of scholarly manuscripts -- estimated to number in the hundreds of thousands -- remains in the city in state and private collections.
early on, some inconsistencies, or paradoxes, arose from a naive use of the notion of set; in particular, from the deceivingly natural assumption that every property determines a set, namely the set of objects that have the property.
if the property determines a set, call it a, then a is a member of itself if and only if a is not a member of itself.
zermelo’s axiomatization avoids russell’s paradox by means of the separation axiom, which is formulated as quantifying over properties of sets, and thus it is a second-order statement.
further work by skolem and fraenkel led to the formalization of the separation axiom in terms of formulas of first-order, instead of the informal notion of property, as well as to the introduction of the axiom of replacement, which is also formulated as an axiom schema for first-order formulas (see next section).
the axiom of replacement is needed for a proper development of the theory of transfinite ordinals and cardinals, using transfinite recursion (see section 3).
it is also needed to prove the existence of such simple sets as the set of hereditarily finite sets, i.e., those finite sets whose elements are finite, the elements of which are also finite, and so on; or to prove basic set-theoretic facts such as that every set is contained in a transitive set, i.e., a set that contains all elements of its elements (see mathias 2001 for the weaknesses of zermelo set theory).
in the first session tuesday, a sharp contrast was drawn between the unbounding optimism that a technological solution could be found for every one of the earth's problems and a vision of a planet headed for doom due to mankind's inability to control its inventions and its consumption.
more often than not, descriptions end up in conflicting theses, often in the form of aporias.
aporias themselves are informative and should not be forced to disappear by fiat decisions, such as an a priori assumption on the overall consistency of reality or the assumption that we have a direct, transparent access to reality.
the last phase of the philosophical method consists in using as few metaphysical assumptions as possible for the systematic coordination of the outcomes from the first two phases (e, s).
metaphysical assumptions are necessary for the task of incorporating aporias into a framework able to make sense of them.
since metaphysical assumptions are not directly supported by descriptive data, it is advisable to keep them to a minimum, or to assume the weakest possible metaphysical assumptions.
two main consequences follow from this view of ontology: firstly, ontology is primarily a theory of categories, in the sense that all ontological distinctions have the form of categories (a.intro1), and secondly, science in all its branches is the most successful and powerful ally of ontology.
this is rather at odds with the mainstream view of science as an eminently epistemological affair.
the claim that the main orientation of science is ontological immediately entails that scientific categories are further specifications and subdivisions of ontological categories.
the philosopher’s task is to unfold the first and most general articulations of the theory of categories, while scientists deal with their subsequent further specifications.
these comprise certain forms of control over the productive forces—the labor power that workers deploy in production and the means of production such as natural resources, tools, and spaces they employ to yield goods and services—and certain social patterns of economic interaction that typically correlate with that control.
(iii) markets are the main mechanism allocating inputs and outputs of production and determining how societies’ productive surplus is used, including whether and how it is consumed or invested.
an additional feature that is typically present wherever (i)–(iii) hold, is that: (iv) there is a class division between capitalists and workers, involving specific relations (e.g., whether of bargaining, conflict, or subordination) between those classes, and shaping the labor market, the firm, and the broader political process.
this more-or-less antagonistic power relationship between capitalists and workers plays out in a number of areas, within production itself, and in the broader political process, as in both the economic and political domains decisions are made about who does what, and who gets what.
there are possible economic systems that would present exceptions, in which (iv) does not hold even if (i), (ii) and (iii) all obtain.
regarding (ii), socialists retain the view that workers should control their labor power, but many do not affirm the kind of absolute, libertarian property rights in labor power that would, e.g., prevent taxation or other forms of mandatory contribution to cater for the basic needs of others (g.a.
finally, regarding (v), although most socialists agree that, due to competitive pressures, capitalists are bound to seek profit maximization, some puzzle over whether when they do this, it is “greed and fear” and not the generation of resources to make others besides themselves better-off that is the dominant, more basic drive and hence the degree to which profit-maximization should be seen as a normatively troubling phenomenon.
(i*) involves expansion of social power—power based on the capacity to mobilize voluntary cooperation and collective action—as distinct from state power—power based on the control of rule-making and rule enforcing over a territory—as well of economic power—power based on the control of material resources (wright 2010).
but, instead of this being the counter-revolutionary, or post-revolutionary, move of a free-market rebel, kcho may have been selected as the acceptable face of a regime acquiescing to the inevitable lure of the internet.
although it is occasionally suggested that a concern with self-consciousness is a peculiarly modern phenomenon, originating with descartes (brinkmann 2005), it is in fact the topic of lively ancient and medieval debates, many of which prefigure early modern and contemporary concerns (sorabji 2006).
aristotle, for example, claims that a person must, while perceiving any thing, also perceive their own existence (de sensu 7.448a), a claim suggestive of the view that consciousness entails self-consciousness.
furthermore, according to aristotle, since the intellect takes on the form of that which is thought (kahn 1992), it “is thinkable just as the thought-objects are” (de anima 3.4.430), an assertion that was interpreted by aristotle’s medieval commentators as the view that self-awareness depends on an awareness of extra-mental things (cory 2014: ch.
by contrast, the platonic tradition, principally through the influence of augustine, writing in the fourth and fifth centuries, is associated with the view that the mind “gains the knowledge of [itself] through itself” (on the trinity 9.3; matthews 1992; cary 2000) by being present to itself.
thus the self that one cognises cannot be a bodily thing of which one is aware through the senses (kaukua & kukkonen 2007; black 2008; kaukua 2015).
on such views, and in contrast to the aristotelian picture, basic self-awareness is neither sensory in nature nor dependent on the awareness of other things.
for not only does aquinas claim that there is a form of self-awareness—awareness that one exists—for which, “the mere presence of the mind suffices”, there is another form—awareness of one’s essence—that, as aristotle had claimed, is dependent on cognising other things and so for which “the mere presence of the mind does not suffice” (summa 1, 87, 1; kenny 1993: ch.
this ancient and medieval debate concerning whether the mere presence of the mind is sufficient for self-awareness is related to another concerning whether self-awareness is itself sensory in character or, put another way, whether the self is or is not perceptible.
for example, in the writing of the eleventh century jain writer prabhācandra, there appears an argument very much like avicenna’s flying man argument for the possibility of self-awareness without awareness of the body (ganeri 2012a: ch.
although primarily concerned with moral issues, cockburn philosophical writings (which are taken here to include the defence of mr. locke’s essay of human understanding (hereafter referred to as the defence), remarks upon some writers and remarks upon the principles and reasonings of dr. rutherforth’s essay) address a range of philosophical issues.
there is also a broad range of topics addressed in her work remarks upon some writers, in which cockburn begins by addressing several philosophical issues – necessity, the infinitude of space, and the nature and existence of spirits with regard to the notion of substance.
the latter discussion revolves generally around epistemological concerns regarding the knowledge of real essences and the nature of substance, in which she argues that spirits must have extension of a sort in order to be proper substances.
moral fitness theory is a rationalist theory that includes the notion that the human mind is able to grasp the various moral relations that result from the essential natures of things in the universe; e.g., the nature of humans and god creates a relation that necessitates the allegiance of humans to their superior (this view was made most famous by samuel clarke).
in a series of critical pamphlets, burnet raised doubts concerning the tenability of locke’s epistemology as a foundation for, among other things, moral knowledge.
burnet concludes that locke’s epistemology is simply insufficient to the task, and that moral ideas, on locke’s system, remain as uncertain as the ideas of god’s nature and the immortality of the soul.
burnet uses his critique of locke as the springboard for his own moral position, one best described as a brand of moral sense theory, in which conscience is the human capacity for empirically discerning the moral value of acts.
for example, the observation that bread of a certain appearance has thus far been nourishing seems to justify the expectation that the next similar piece of bread i eat will also be nourishing, as well as the claim that bread of this sort is generally nourishing.
he presents an argument in the form of a dilemma which appears to rule out the possibility of any reasoning from the premises to the conclusion of an inductive inference.
therefore, for hume, the problem remains of how to explain why we form any conclusions that go beyond the past instances of which we have had experience (t. 1.3.6.10).
yet many have regarded it as one of the most profound philosophical challenges imaginable since it seems to call into question the justification of one of the most fundamental ways in which we form knowledge.
most hermeneutic fictionalists about some particular discourse hold that although we normally utter sentences within the discourse in a fictional spirit, we could, and perhaps sometimes do, use these sentences literally.
but there is disagreement about the proper account of the use of names of fictional entities extrafictive, non-story-telling contexts, e.g.
others hold that while ‘spongebob’ can be used meaningfully in such contexts, it is nonetheless, in such contexts, a mere non-referring empty name, alongside ‘zeus’ and ‘vulcan’.
similarly, and returning to fictionalism, one can imagine a fictionalist about some discourse who denies that the relevant sentences even can be meaningfully used outside the pretense; who holds that the sentences only have pretense-uses.
but yablo (1998) comes close to suggesting a view of this sort when he says, after having motivated fictionalism about the use of names of cities, that he does not know what it would be to use “chicago exists” more literally than he already does.
let us call the fictionalism according to which there is a literal use of the sentences in question with which the ordinary use contrasts use fictionalism; call the other meaning fictionalism.
armour-garb and woodbridge say that what characterizes extrinsic pretense is that we could take the utterance made literally, whereas in cases of intrinsic pretense, “the pretense is integral to the utterance saying anything at all”.
object-fictionalism: the speaker is “really” asserting that the world is in a certain condition, namely, the condition it needs to be in to make it true in the relevant fiction that the xs are so and so.
figuralism: the speaker is “really” asserting that something is in a certain condition, but perhaps not the world; the xs are functioning as representational aids in a figurative description of the ys, where the ys may themselves be representational aids invoked to help us describe still further objects.
the object fictionalist says that what is asserted is something non-number-involving about the real world — something which would make it true in the fiction that the number of apples is two: that there is an apple x and an apple y such that x and y are distinct and nothing distinct from both x and y is an apple.
and in “the number of even primes is zero”, as a nominalist can be envisaged to use it when doing philosophy, saying something that given her philosophical views is true, they function both as representational aids (“number”) and as things represented (“even prime”).
their descriptive use is best documented by paying attention to the large number of different “idealisms” that appear in philosophical textbooks and encyclopedias, ranging from metaphysical idealism through epistemological and aesthetic to moral or ethical idealism.
within these idealisms one can find further distinctions, such as those between subjective, objective and absolute idealism, and even more obscure characterizations such as speculative idealism and transcendental idealism.
it is also remarkable that the term “idealism”, at least within philosophy, is often used in such a way that it gets its meaning through what is taken to be its opposite: as the meaningful use of the term “outside” depends on a contrast with something considered to be inside, so the meaning of the term “idealism” is often fixed by what is taken to be its opposite.
given the fact that many also want to distinguish between realism, materialism, dogmatism, and empiricism, it is obvious that thinking of the meaning of “idealism” as determined by what it is meant to be opposed to leads to further complexity and gives rise to the impression that underlying such characterizations lies some polemical intent.
within modern philosophy there are sometimes taken to be two fundamental conceptions of idealism: something mental (the mind, spirit, reason, will) is the ultimate foundation of all reality, or even exhaustive of reality, and although the existence of something independent of the mind is conceded, everything that we can know about this mind-independent “reality” is held to be so permeated by the creative, formative, or constructive activities of the mind (of some kind or other) that all claims to knowledge must be considered, in some sense, to be a form of self-knowledge.
idealism in sense (1) has been called “metaphysical” or “ontological idealism”, while idealism in sense (2) has been called “formal” or “epistemological idealism”.
the modern paradigm of idealism in sense (1) might be considered to be george berkeley’s “immaterialism”, according to which all that exists are ideas and the minds, less than divine or divine, that have them.
the fountainhead for idealism in sense (2) might be the position that immanuel kant asserted (if not clearly in the first edition of his critique of pure reason (1781) then in his prolegomena to any future metaphysics (1783) and in the “refutation of idealism” in the second edition of the critique) according to which idealism does “not concern the existence of things”, but asserts only that our “modes of representation” of them, above all space and time, are not “determinations that belong to things in themselves” but features of our own minds.
while kant himself claimed that his position combined “empirical realism” with “transcendental idealism”, that is, combined realism about external, spatio-temporal objects in ordinary life and science with the denial of the reality of space and time at the level of things as they are in themselves, it also insisted upon the reality of things as they are in themselves existing independently from our representations of them, thus denying their reducibility o representations or the minds that have them.
so instead of using kant as any kind of model for epistemological idealism, in this entry we will distinguish between metaphysical and epistemological arguments for idealism understood as a metaphysical doctrine, namely that everything that exists is in some way mental.
we thus agree with a.c. ewing, who wrote in 1934 that all forms of idealism have in common the view that there can be no physical objects existing apart from some experience, and this might perhaps be taken as the definition of idealism, provided that we regard thinking as part of experience and do not imply by “experience” passivity, and provided we include under experience not only human experience but the so-called “absolute experience” or the experience of a god such as berkeley postulates.
(ewing 1934: 3) in other words, while reducing all reality to some kind of perception is one form of idealism, it is not the only form—reality may be reduced to the mental on other conceptions of the latter.
thus willem devries’s more recent definition of idealism as the general theory that reduces reality to some form or other of the mental is just: roughly, the genus comprises theories that attribute ontological priority to the mental, especially the conceptual or ideational, over the non-mental.
(dunham, grant, & watson 2011: 4) namely mind of some kind or other: the idealist denies the mind-independent reality of matter, but hardly denies the reality of mind (or, on their account, which goes back to plato, ideas or forms as well as minds; we will not consider pre-modern forms of idealism in any detail).
however, following ewing (see his chapters ii, iv–v, and viii), we will distinguish metaphysical from epistemological arguments for idealism.
metaphysical arguments proceed by identifying some general constraints on existence and arguing that only minds of some sort or other satisfy such conditions; epistemological arguments work by identifying some conditions for knowledge and arguing that only objects that are in some sense or other mental can satisfy the conditions for being known.
in particular, epistemological arguments for idealism assume that there is a necessary isomorphism between knowledge and its object that can obtain only if the object of knowledge is itself mental; we propose that this is the difference between epistemologically-motivated idealism and a more neutral position, which might be identified with philosophers such as rudolf carnap, w.v.o.
quine, and donald davidson, holding that of course we always know things from some point of view, but any “external” question about whether or not our point of view “corresponds” to independent reality is either meaningless or at least not answerable on theoretical grounds.
it is in order to preserve the distinction between traditional idealism and positions such as the latter that we recommend retaining the claim that reality is in some way or other exclusively mental and thinking of epistemological arguments for idealism rather than epistemological idealism as such.
in what follows, we will concentrate mainly on the discussion of philosophical theories that either endorse or claim to endorse idealism on ontological and/or epistemological grounds.
at some points in its complex history, however, above all in the social as well as philosophical movement that dominated british and american universities in the second half of the nineteenth century and through the first world war, idealism in either of its philosophical forms was indeed connected to idealism in the popular sense of progressive and optimistic social thought.
there has recently been considerable interest in british or more generally anglophone idealism as a movement in social philosophy, or even a social movement, but we will not pursue that here (see mander 2011; boucher & vincent 2012; mander [ed.]
some argue that each persisting creature plays a causal role in its ongoing existence, so that god is not the sole agent as in an ex nihilo creation.
continuous creation theorists may reject a distinction between creation and conservation as an attempt to attribute a divine prerogative to created things.
it typically features the supremacy of the nation’s claims over other claims to individual allegiance and full sovereignty as the persistent aim of its political program.
issues surrounding the control of the movement of money and people (in particular immigration) and the resource rights implied in territorial sovereignty make the topic politically central in the age of globalization and philosophically interesting for nationalists and anti-nationalists alike.
comparing evidence of economic burden of malaria from different settings, time periods, patient groups, and epidemiological profiles is challenging (drummond, 2015), hence traditionally, studies that have attempted to estimate the economic burden of malaria have focused on the private and non-private medical costs associated with the disease, as well as some measure of the income that is forgone as a result of malaria morbidity and mortality (jefferey and pia, 2002).
it would mark the most crucial step yet in its decade-long transformation from an imperfect parliamentary democracy under military tutelage towards a plebiscitarian democracy -- characterized by a powerful executive, a weak or compliant legislative, and a charismatic leader-follower relationship that is periodically reaffirmed in general elections and referenda.
the contributory conception of moral principles allows that more than one principle can apply to the case before us, since it holds that each principle is, as it were, partial; each specifies how things are only in a certain respect.
in this work, buber gives expression to the intuition that we need to withstand the temptation to reduce human relations to the simple either/or of apollonian or dionysian, rational or romantic ways of relating to others.
we are beings that can enter into dialogic relations not just with human others but with other animate beings, such as animals, or a tree, as well as with the divine thou.
the duality of relations and, at its extreme, their coincidence, may serve as the key to buber’s mature thought on everything from his approach to biblical faith to his practical politics in matters of jewish-arab relations in palestine.
complicating the undifferentiated shape of mystical experience (as sought by the medievals, including eckhart, as an annihilation of self), the profoundly dualistic world-view proffered in i and thou references cusa’s coincidentia oppositorum as an expression of human limits.
they are the elemental variables whose combination and re-combination structure all experience as relational.
human inter-subjectivity affirms the polymorphous i-thou encounter.
resting upon the claim that no isolated i exists apart from relationship to an other, dialogue or “encounter” transforms each figure into an ultimate and mysterious center of value whose presence eludes the concepts of instrumental language.
the heteronomous revelation of a singular presence calls the subject into an open-ended relationship, a living pattern, that defies sense, logic, and proportion; whereas the i-it relationship, in its most degenerate stage, assumes the fixed form of objects that one can measure and manipulate.
at the core of this model of existence is the notion of encounter as “revelation.” as understood by buber, revelation is the revelation of “presence” (gegenwart).
in contrast to “object” (gegenstand), the presence revealed by revelation as encounter occupies the space “in between” the subject and an other (a tree, a person, a work of art, god).
contrasting with the kantian concept of experience (erfahrung), erlebnis (encounter), or revelation of sheer presence, is an ineffable, pure form that carries not an iota of determinate or object-like conceptual or linguistic content.
buber always insisted that the dialogic principle, i.e., the duality of primal words (urworte) that he called the i-thou and the i-it, was not an abstract conception but an ontological reality that he pointed to but that could not be properly represented in discursive prose.
while buber seems to lack a fully worked-out epistemology and occasionally revels in paradoxes that border on mystical theology, it has been argued that buber did indeed solve the inherent “difficulty of dialogics that it reflects on, and speaks of, a human reality about which, in his own words, one cannot think and speak in an appropriate manner” (bloch [1983] p. 62).
debates about the strength and weakness of i and thou as the foundation of a system hinge, in part, on the assumption that the five-volume project, to which this book was to serve as a prolegomenon (a project buber abandoned), was indeed a philosophical one.
in buber’s cyclical conception of the history of religions, the revelation of presence mixes into and animates the living and lived forms of historical religion (institutions, texts, rituals, images, and ideas), becoming over time ossified and rigid and object-like, but structurally open to the force of renewal based on new forms of encounter as revelation.
the history of religion as described by buber in the closing words of i and thou is a contracting, intensifying spiral figure that has redemption as its telos.
it would be artificial, however, to separate buber’s interest in religious phenomena from his interest in a general philosophical anthropology.
rather, buber seems to have tried to find one in the other, or—put differently—to make religious belief and practice perspicacious in light of a general philosophical anthropology.
in this context, when we say that we understand, what we mean is that we have really gotten at something through an attempt at interpretation; and, when we say we do not understand, we mean that we have not really gotten anywhere at all with our interpretation.
in hermeneutics, such success of understanding is not measured by norms and methods typical of the modern natural sciences and quantitative social sciences, such as whether our understanding derives from a repeatable experiment, nor by norms typical of much of modern philosophy, such as whether our understanding has indubitable epistemic foundations.
by education, he has in mind the concept of formation (bildung) that had been developed in weimar classicism and that continued to influence nineteenth-century romanticism and historicism in germany (truth and method, part i.1).
[1] education, as formation, involves more than the acquisition of expertise, knowledge, or information; it concerns the enlargement of our person though formal instruction, especially in the arts and humanities, as well as through extensive and variegated experience.
accordingly, the success of understanding is educative in that we learn from our interpretive experience, perhaps not only about a matter, but thereby also about ourselves, the world, and others.
that the success of understanding is educative in this manner can be clarified by an example, say, in reading a text such as thucydides’ history of the peloponnesian war.
certainly, we have not arrived at this understanding in result of repeatable scientific experiment or based on an indubitable epistemic foundation.
it was through archimedes's method of exhaustion that an infinite number of progressive subdivisions could be performed to achieve a finite result.
naturalism sets up an opposition between x-standards (scientific, mathematical or scientific-cum-mathematical) and other types of standards, e.g., astrological, theological, or the standards of common sense.
goodman and quine (in his pre-naturalist phase) once began an article by declaring that the basis for their nominalism was a fundamental philosophical intuition irreducible to scientific grounds (1947).
when a mathematician writes a research article, an undergraduate textbook, a popular book on mathematics, a book expounding his personal philosophy of mathematics and his psychological associations with various mathematical theories, at what point exactly has he stopped doing mathematics?
when research mathematicians get together after the seminar and agree over coffee that the riemann hypothesis is the most important outstanding problem in mathematics, is this a strictly mathematical claim or a personal judgement recognised by mathematicians as outside the province of mathematics proper?
many philosophers follow quine by citing a standard cluster of principles putatively constitutive of scientific standards: empirical adequacy, ontological economy, simplicity, fertility, and so on (quine 1955, 247; quine and ullian 1970, chapter 5).
some writers claim, for example, that scientific appeal to ontological parsimony does not extend to the postulation of abstract objects (burgess 1998).
others maintain that scientific appeals to simplicity are not best captured by the utterly general slogan ‘prefer any theory t1 to any less simple theory t2 (in this respect)’ (paseau 2007).
the existence of an algorithm encapsulating the scientific method is generally questioned (though many human beings apparently manage to implement the scientific method, so if the method is not algorithmic then neither are our minds).
an egalitarian might rather be one who maintains that people ought to be treated as equals—as possessing equal fundamental worth and dignity and as equally morally considerable.
in this sense, a sample non-egalitarian would be one who believes that people born into a higher social caste, or a favored race or ethnicity, or with an above-average stock of traits deemed desirable, ought somehow to count for more than others in calculations that determine what morally ought to be done.
further norms of equality of condition or treatment might be viewed as free-standing or derived from the claim of equality of status.
controversy also swirls around attempts to specify the class of beings to whom egalitarian norms apply.
some would hold that all and only persons have equal moral status, with the criteria of personhood excluding some humans from qualifying (e.g., the unborn fetus or severely demented adult human) and including some nonhumans (e.g., intelligent beings inhabiting regions of outer space beyond earth).
some would hold that sentient beings such as nonhuman primates that do not satisfy criteria of personhood are entitled to equal moral status along with persons.
given a specification of some aspect of people's condition or mode of treating them that should be equal, one might hold that the state of affairs in which the stated equality obtains is morally valuable either as an end or as a means.
the instrumental egalitarian values equality as a means to some independently specifiable goal; the non-instrumental egalitarian values equality for its own sake—as an end, or as partly constitutive of some end.
for example, someone who believes that the maintenance of equality across a group of people fosters relations of solidarity and community among them, and is desirable for that reason, qualifies as an instrumental egalitarian.
one values equality in the former way if equality is deemed valuable only if some further condition is in place.
it is a further question, to what extent this procedure issues in different non-rejectable principles in different times and places featuring different circumstances.
as such, it would be intended as a statement of the ultimate norm (or as a member of the set of ultimate norms) to which individual conduct and institutional arrangements ought to conform.
an ultimate norm might or might not be suitable for the role of guiding individual decision making or of serving as an explicitly recognized principle regulating institutions and public policy formation in a particular society.
if individual agents and public officials are liable through limited cognitive ability, limited knowledge, or limited allegiance to morality to misapply ultimate principles, it might well be the case that these principles could be implemented to a greater degree if they were not employed directly as decision-making guides for individual and public policy choice.
following this train of thought, one might favor as guidelines for individual and public choice simple, easily understood, readily implementable rules that are to serve as proxies for the moral principles that are the ultimate norms.
the point is merely that we should distinguish these distinct roles that moral norms might play and avoid criticizing a norm in one role by standards appropriate only if the norm is understood to be playing a different role.
egalitarianism might be upheld as a moral requirement, a component of what we fundamentally owe one another, or as morally optional, a desirable ideal that we might permissibly decline to pursue.
when affirmed as morally required, egalitarianism typically figures in a theory of justice.
for the most part the discussion in this entry concentrates on egalitarianism as a morally required component of justice, but in considering arguments against a version of egalitarianism, it is worthwhile keeping in mind the possibility that the norm in question is morally desirable but not morally mandatory.
given some specification of the kind of equality that is under consideration, it is clear what it means to say of a number of people that they are equal in the stated respect.
but saying this does not yet suggest a way of determining, in general, whether inequality is greater in one situation than in another, when different people hold different amounts of the good that we are concerned to equalize in the two situations.
this entry usually abstracts from this issue by supposing that we can unequivocally determine, for any ideal of equality, how to measure degrees of inequality across the board.
it might seem, since it is widely agreed that any quantum mechanical system is completely described by its wave function, that quantum mechanics is fundamentally about the behavior of wave functions.
his difficulty had little to do with the novelty of the wave function: that it is an abstract, unintuitive mathematical construct is a scruple that almost always surfaces against new aids to thought and that carries no great message.
with evident disapproval, schrödinger observes that the reigning doctrine rescues itself or us by having recourse to epistemology.
but if these entities are not somehow identified with the wave function itself—and if talk of them is not merely shorthand for elaborate statements about measurements—then where are they to be found in the quantum description?
while distinguishing lesser grades of conviction, and perfect knowledge,he writes: i distinguish the two as follows: there is conviction [persuasio] when there remains some reason which might lead us to doubt, but knowledge [scientia] is conviction based on a reason so strong that it can never be shaken by any stronger reason.
the requirement that knowledge is to be based in complete, or perfect certainty, thus amounts to requiring a complete inability to doubt one’s convictions – an utter indubitability.
that perfect knowledge requires that it be “impossible for us ever to have any reason for doubting what we are convinced of” marks an extraordinarily high standard of justification.
but arguably he’s an epistemic contextualist, at least in the sense of invoking the notion of knowledge in divergent contexts that presuppose different epistemic standards.
we’ll see, for example, that he holds that even the deductive demonstrations of expert geometers fall short of the standards needed for perfect knowledge; yet, the kind of terminology he uses to characterize their epistemic achievements is routinely rendered in terms of knowledge-talk, in standard english translations of his work.
the certainty/indubitability of interest to descartes is psychological in character, though not merely psychological – not simply an inexplicable feeling.
this rational illumination empowers me to “see utterly clearly with my mind’s eye”; my feelings of certainty are grounded – indeed, “i see a manifest contradiction” in denying the proposition of which i’m convinced.
a verb is intensional if the verb phrase (vp) it forms with its complement is anomalous in at least one of three ways: (i) substituting one expression for another that is coreferential with it in the complement of the verb can change the truth-value of the sentence in which the vp occurs – for instance, you might admire mark twain but not samuel clemens, not realizing that your pesky neighbor sam is the famous writer (in this case substitution of the coreferential ‘samuel clemens’ for ‘mark twain’ in the vp ‘admire mark twain’ will turn a true sentence, ‘you admire mark twain’ into a false one, ‘you admire samuel clemens’); (ii) the vp admits of a special “unspecific” reading if it contains a quantifier, or a certain type of quantifier (quine’s example (1956:185) is famous: he observes that if we paraphrase ‘i want a sloop’ as ‘there is a (specific) sloop such that i want it’, this will give the wrong idea if all i want is ‘mere relief from slooplessness’, a sloop but no specific one; for more examples, see section 1); and (iii) the normal existential commitments of names and existential quantifiers in the complement are suspended even when the embedding sentence is negation-free (again, see section 1).
intensional phenomena are puzzling, and worth studying, because (a) it seems that the only way to account for language-speakers’ capacities to produce and understand sentences of their native languages which they have never encountered before is to posit compositional structure in language and an interpretive capacity in speakers that exploits it.
but (b) the simplest ideas about what such structure is like cannot accommodate intensionality.
however, as we will see below, intensional transitive verbs (henceforth itvs) do not merely duplicate the problems raised by propositional attitude verbs, but introduce special difficulties of their own.
because, especially in the first half of the twentieth century, many philosophers thought it could perform crucial epistemological work, providing an account, first, of our apparently a priori knowledge of mathematics, and then—with a little help from british empiricism—of our understanding of claims about the spatio-temporal world as well.
indeed, “conceptual analysis” soon came to constitute the very way particularly anglophone philosophers characterized their work.
many additionally thought it would perform the metaphysical work of explaining the truth and necessity of mathematics, showing not only how it is we could know about these topics independently of experience, but how they could be true in this and all possible worlds.
indeed, many have wondered how could any sentence be true, much less necessary, “by virtue of meaning alone,” since surely the truth of any sentence depends upon the world being the way the sentence represents it as being.
thus, “bachelors are unmarried” might be shown to be analytic by substituting “unmarried males” for “bachelors” and converting it thereby to the logical truth “unmarried males are unmarried.” but what makes this latter true?
(a) the first goes by many names, e.g., phenomenal experiences, occurrences of qualitative consciousness, the what-it-is-like of experience, qualia.
arguments about epiphenomenalism may concern either type of mental event, and it should not be assumed that an argument given for one type can be rephrased without loss for the other.
thus, if it is held that pains have no physical effects, then one must say either (i) pains do not cause beliefs that one is in pain, or (ii) beliefs that one is in pain are epiphenomenal.
for, if pains caused beliefs that one is in pain, and the latter had physical effects, then pains would, after all, have effects in the physical world (albeit indirectly).
[1] the central motivation for epiphenomenalism lies in the premise that whenever there is a sufficient cause of a physical event, there is a sufficient physical cause of that event.
if a mental event is something other than a physical event, then for it to make any causal contribution of its own in the physical world would require a violation of physical law.
one may try to rescue mental efficacy by supposing that whenever there is a mental effect in the physical world there is also a physical force that is a sufficient cause of the effect.
this view, however, both offends occamist principles and fails to satisfy the leading anti-epiphenomenalist intuition, namely, that the mental makes a difference to the physical, i.e., that it leads to behavior that would not have happened in absence of the mental.
the view also leads to an epistemological problem: if there is always a sufficient physical cause for whatever a mental event is supposed to produce, then one could never be in a position where one needs to suppose there is anything non-physical at work, and thus there could never be any reason to introduce mental causes into one’s account of neural events or behavior.
many contemporary thinkers would respond to the central motivation for epiphenomenalism by denying its dualistic presupposition, i.e., by holding that mental events are identical with physical events, and may therefore have physical effects.
further support for epiphenomenalism can be derived from the fact, noted by wilhelm wundt (1912), that “each simple sensation is joined to a very complicated combination of peripheral and central nerve processes”, together with the fact that the causes of behavior are likewise complex neural events.
this latter fact makes it natural to look for complex events throughout the causal chain leading to behavior; and these can be found in the neural events that are required for the occurrence of simple sensations.
thus an anti-epiphenomenalist stance would require us to prefer the hypothesis that simple sensations cause (relatively) complex neural events over the hypothesis that complex neural events (that are required in any case for the causation of sensations) are adequate to cause the neural events required for the causation of behavior.
rather, authority and power are essentially coequal: whoever has power has the right to command; but goodness does not ensure power and the good person has no more authority by virtue of being good.
in this sense, machiavelli presents a trenchant criticism of the concept of authority by arguing that the notion of legitimate rights of rulership adds nothing to the actual possession of power.
the prince purports to reflect the self-conscious political realism of an author who is fully aware—on the basis of direct experience with the florentine government—that goodness and right are not sufficient to win and maintain political office.
machiavelli's political theory, then, represents a concerted effort to exclude issues of authority and legitimacy from consideration in the discussion of political decision-making and political judgment.
in other words, the legitimacy of law rests entirely upon the threat of coercive force; authority is impossible for machiavelli as a right apart from the power to enforce it.
consequently, machiavelli is led to conclude that fear is always preferable to affection in subjects, just as violence and deception are superior to legality in effectively controlling them.
and of course, power alone cannot obligate one, inasmuch as obligation assumes that one cannot meaningfully do otherwise.
concomitantly, a machiavellian perspective directly attacks the notion of any grounding for authority independent of the sheer possession of power.
it is power which in the final instance is necessary for the enforcement of conflicting views of what i ought to do; i can only choose not to obey if i possess the power to resist the demands of the state or if i am willing to accept the consequences of the state's superiority of coercive force.
machiavelli's argument in the prince is designed to demonstrate that politics can only coherently be defined in terms of the supremacy of coercive power; authority as a right to command has no independent status.
he substantiates this assertion by reference to the observable realities of political affairs and public life as well as by arguments revealing the self-interested nature of all human conduct.
without exception the authority of states and their laws will never be acknowledged when they are not supported by a show of power which renders obedience inescapable.
such a semantics states truth conditions for counterfactuals in terms of similarity relations between possible worlds.
however, most contemporary philosophers would seek to deploy the explanatorily fruitful possible worlds framework while distancing themselves from full-blown realism about possible worlds themselves (see the entry on possible worlds).
the central notion of a possible world semantics for counterfactuals is a relation of comparative similarity between worlds (lewis 1973a).
in terms of this similarity relation, the truth condition for the counterfactual “if a were (or had been) the case, c would be (or have been) the case” is stated as follows: (1) “if a were the case, c would be the case” is true in the actual world if and only if either (i) there are no possible a-worlds; or (ii) some a-world where c holds is closer to the actual world than is any a-world where c does not hold.
the fundamental idea of this analysis is that the counterfactual “if a were the case, c would be the case” is true just in case it takes less of a departure from actuality to make the antecedent true along with the consequent than to make the antecedent true without the consequent.
(2) where c and e are two distinct possible events, e causally depends on c if and only if, if c were to occur e would occur; and if c were not to occur e would not occur.
for in this case it follows from the second formal condition on the comparative similarity relation that the counterfactual “if c were to occur e would occur” is automatically true: this formal condition implies that a counterfactual with true antecedent and true consequent is itself true.
consequently, the truth condition for causal dependence becomes: (3) where c and e are two distinct actual events, e causally depends on c if and only if, if c were not to occur e would not occur.
lewis’s own theory of events (1986b) construes events as classes of possible spatiotemporal regions.
this qualification is important if spurious non-causal dependences are to be ruled out.
for while you would not have written ‘larry’ if you had not written ‘rr’; and you would not have said ‘hello’ loudly if you had not said ‘hello’, neither dependence counts as a causal dependence since the paired events are not distinct from each other in the required sense.
convinced by the need to make room in his analysis for causation by (and of) absence – as when the gardener’s failure to water the plants causes their death – lewis later amended his view to the view that causal dependence is a matter of counterfactual dependence between events or their absences (lewis 2000: §x; 2004b).
there are several possible ways of interpreting counterfactuals; and some interpretations give rise to spurious non-causal dependences between events.
the right counterfactuals to be used are non-backtracking counterfactuals that typically hold the past fixed up until the time (or just before the time) at which the counterfactual’s antecedent is supposed to obtain.
thus if c had not occurred, d – which in fact occurred before c – would have occurred anyway; so on the standard interpretation, where backtracking counterfactuals are false, the inference to the claim that e causally depends on c is blocked.
for instance, in a structure formation scenario based on an alternative dm model, warm dark matter (wdm), the primordial density fluctuations on small scales are smoothed out by the free-streaming motion of wdm particles, and fewer subhaloes are formed, while the minimum halo mass is greater than in the λcdm cosmology (bode et al.
that such monuments, and such actions or observances, be instituted, and do commence from the time that the matter of fact was done.
the first two criteria, leslie explains, “make it impossible for any such matter of fact to be imposed upon men, at the time when such fact was said to be done, because every man’s eyes and senses would contradict it.” the latter two criteria assure those who come afterwards that the account of the event was not invented subsequent to the time of the purported event.
in assessing a criteriological argument, we need to ask not only whether the event in question meets the criteria but also whether the criteria themselves are good indicators of truth.
an argument for the criteria that leslie gives cannot proceed wholly a priori, since there is not a necessary connection between an event’s satisfying the criteria and its being true.
leslie’s argument is, in the sense outlined above, categorical—he holds that, as the claim of the resurrection meets all four criteria (the memorials being supplied by the christian commemoration of the last supper and the transfer of the day of worship from the sabbath (saturday) to the first day of the week (sunday)), the certainty of the matter of fact in question is “demonstrated.” this rather bold claim opens the possibility of refutation of leslie’s principle by counterexample, though reportedly conyers middleton, a contemporary of hume whose critique of the ecclesiastical miracles was notable for its thoroughness, searched vainly for years for a counterexample to leslie’s principle.
be that as it may, a criteriological argument may also be constructed on the basis of a more modest principle, such as that if any reported event meets all four of these criteria, then it is reasonable to accept its historicity.
the chief difficulty with criteriological arguments, whether bold or modest, is that they provide no means for taking into account any other considerations that might weigh against the historical claim in question.
intuitively, extreme antecedent improbability ought to carry some weight in our evaluation of the credibility of a factual claim.
a defender of a criteriological argument might respond that so long as the bar is set high enough, antecedent improbability will be overwhelmed by the fact that the event does indeed meet the stipulated criteria.
philosophers who hold that 15bi and 15biii do express necessary truths usually think that there are descriptions that fix the reference of the terms, for example, for water, the description, the stuff, whatever it is, that, in the actual world, has the properties of quenching thirst, putting out certain fires, falling from the clouds as rain, filling the lakes and rivers, etc.
the notion of a ruby seems to be a hybrid notion: its color is knowable a priori but its material essence as given in 15bi is knowable only empirically.
while it is widely believed that some necessary truths are capable of justification and can be known only empirically (e.g., “water is h2o”), some contingent truths also seem justifiable, and knowable, a priori.
“the length of s in the actual world at t 0 ” rigidly designates that length, that is, it refers to length l in every possible world.
the reference of “one meter” is given by that reference-fixing description, so “one meter” rigidly designates l. however, “the length of s at t 0 ” does not rigidly designate any particular length since at t 0 in other possible worlds s will be longer or shorter than l. so the proposition that “s is a meter long at t 0 ” is contingent because in other possible worlds that very same stick will be shorter or longer than it was in the actual world at that time.
still, we can know a priori, that is, independent of any empirical evidence, that “s is a meter long at t 0 ” is true in the actual world given that we know how the reference of “one meter” is fixed by a description that refers to the length of s in the actual world.
in each case we can distinguish between those accounts according to which such awareness is merely an empirical condition from those according to which it is a strictly necessary/sufficient condition.
there is also a distinction to be made regarding the sense of “awareness of others” that is in play: whilst some philosophers are concerned with knowledge of other minds, others are content with the representation of others, veridical or not.
the argument from analogy presents an account of our justification for moving from judgements about others’ observable behaviour to judgements about their unobservable mental states.
on this picture, self-awareness, as manifest in the judgement about my own case, is a necessary condition of knowledge of other minds.
in this respect the view is related to contemporary simulation theory, standard versions of which see our capacity to attribute mental states to others as dependent on our capacity to attribute them to ourselves (heal 1986; goldman 2006: ch.
associated with the argument from analogy is a view according to which our grasp of mental state concepts is an essentially first-personal affair.
in opposition to this package stand views on which our grasp and application of mental state concepts is neutral between the first and third-person cases.
a distinct, though related, family of views see both self-consciousness and awareness of others as emerging from a primitive “adualist” state in which self and other are not distinguished (piaget 1937; merleau-ponty 1960; barresi & moore 1996; hurley 2005; gallese 2005; also see d. stern 1985: part ii).
against such “adualist” views, it is often claimed the phenomena of neonate imitation, joint attention, and emotion regulation show that infants display an awareness of others as others from the very beginning of life (meltzoff & moore 1977; trevarthen 1979; hurley & chater 2005; eilan et al.
one empirical proposal is that it is from this early form of social interaction and capacity to understand others that self-consciousness emerges as a self-directed form of mindreading (carruthers 2011; carruthers, fletcher, & ritchie 2012; for an early such account, see mead 1934).
among non-simple propositions, which were thought to be composed of simple ones, conditionals, disjunctions and conjunctions were distinguished.
disjunctions or conditionals featured as premises in many of the logical paradoxes and sophisms which members of the dialectical school discussed.
it is likely that diodorus and philo examined the truth-conditions of all three kinds of non-simple propositions; however, we know their views only for the case of the conditional (see below sect.
for instance, the standard example for a simple proposition, ‘it is day’, does not contain a covert fixed date or definite time determination; rather, it ranges over times, changing its truth-value twice daily, all the while remaining the same proposition.
diodorus cronus can perhaps also be credited with the beginnings of temporal logic, as both his theory of the conditional and his accounts of the modalities are built on logically relevant temporal properties of propositions (see below sects.
moreover, he distinguished between propositions in the present tense like ‘helen has three husbands’ and ‘these men are marrying’ and propositions in a tense of completion (the aorist), ‘helen had three husbands’ and ‘these men married’, and observed that it is possible for propositions like the latter two to be true, without there ever having been a time at which a corresponding one of the former type was true (sextus empiricus [se], against the physicists 2.97-8).
although they cite francis bacon as a leading spokesman for an instrumentalized reason that becomes irrational, horkheimer and adorno do not think that modern science and scientism are the sole culprits.
the tendency of rational progress to become irrational regress arises much earlier.
if horkheimer and adorno are right, then a critique of modernity must also be a critique of premodernity, and a turn toward the postmodern cannot simply be a return to the premodern.
there is a flip side to this: a lack or loss of freedom in society—in the political, economic, and legal structures within which we live—signals a concomitant failure in cultural enlightenment—in philosophy, the arts, religion, and the like.
according to horkheimer and adorno, the source of today's disaster is a pattern of blind domination, domination in a triple sense: the domination of nature by human beings, the domination of nature within human beings, and, in both of these forms of domination, the domination of some human beings by others.
nor do they provide a negative “metanarrative” of universal historical decline.
rather, through a highly unusual combination of philosophical argument, sociological reflection, and literary and cultural commentary, they construct a “double perspective” on the modern west as a historical formation (jarvis 1998, 23).
the first thesis allows them to suggest that, despite being declared mythical and outmoded by the forces of secularization, older rituals, religions, and philosophies may have contributed to the process of enlightenment and may still have something worthwhile to contribute.
the second thesis allows them to expose ideological and destructive tendencies within modern forces of secularization, but without denying either that these forces are progressive and enlightening or that the older conceptions they displace were themselves ideological and destructive.
a fundamental mistake in many interpretations of dialectic of enlightenment occurs when readers take such theses to be theoretical definitions of unchanging categories rather than critical judgments about historical tendencies.
accordingly, in constructing a “dialectic of enlightenment” the authors simultaneously aim to carry out a dialectical enlightenment of enlightenment not unlike hegel's phenomenology of spirit.
two hegelian concepts anchor this project, namely, determinate negation and conceptual self-reflection.
a dialectical enlightenment of enlightenment “discloses each image as script.
beyond and through such determinate negation, a dialectical enlightenment of enlightenment also recalls the origin and goal of thought itself.
such recollection is the work of the concept as the self-reflection of thought (der begriff als selbstbesinnung des denkens, de 32).
conceptual self-reflection reveals that thought arises from the very corporeal needs and desires that get forgotten when thought becomes a mere instrument of human self-preservation.
the natural philosophy of le monde rejected scholastic forms and qualities as philosophical entities that contributed nothing to an explanation of natural phenomena.
the most explicit challenge to established aristotelian teaching occurred when one of regius’ students, henricus van loon, claimed in a disputation (8 december 1641) that the human mind and body are two distinct substances which are joined together in an accidental union [unum per accidens].
how to understand the unity of human nature, as experienced by each subject, and at the same time defend the traditional christian beliefs in the immortality of the human soul or mind and the resurrection of the body.
the immortality of the soul seemed to presuppose that the mind or soul was capable of existing without the body and, for that reason, that it should be classified as an aristotelian substance.
voetius, with the support of his professorial colleagues in theology, replied to regius by appending corollaries to his own theological disputations, in december 1641, in which he accused proponents of the ‘new philosophy’ [i.e., cartesianism] of a number of errors: teaching that a human being is an accidental being, defending copernicanism, and supporting scepticism and irreligion by denying substantial forms.
one part of that advice was that regius should have dealt with substantial forms as descartes had done in the météores (at vi, 239): that he should not have rejected them explicitly but, instead, should merely have omitted them as redundant to genuine explanations.
to say that human beings think because they have a ‘thinking form’ explains nothing; secondly, those who postulate the existence of substantial forms are unable to say more precisely what they are, and thus they appeal to ‘occult’ realities that they do not understand; and, perhaps most importantly, if the alleged substantial forms of other natural phenomena were made redundant by developments in physics, there would be a danger that the spirituality of the mind or soul would be compromised by similar advances in the sciences.
“all the arguments that are used to prove substantial forms may be applied to the form of a clock, although no one claims that it is substantial” (at iii, 505: bos 2002, 115).
[2] two recent books, both of them sustained attempts to engage critically and constructively with existentialism in the context of contemporary philosophical debates, adopt versions of these stances.
if we stick to this definition, we can both recognize the fissures within what is called “existentialism” in the expansive sense and also see how existentialism can “ground sophisticated contributions to social psychology, philosophy of mind, moral philosophy, cultural theory, and psychotherapy” (2018: 19).
taking up the other stance, noreen khawaja notes the perennial difficulty in specifying just who is supposed to belong to the “movement” of existentialism, given that the term itself was either unknown to some who are conscripted or outright rejected by others.
though aspects of such a movement can be found in the historical record, existentialism itself “is a tradition, not a movement”; that is, “a pattern of intergenerational influence, in which later figures read and appropriated the work of earlier figures” (khawaja 2016: 4).
what animates this tradition—exemplified here by kierkegaard, heidegger, and sartre—is its struggle with religion and the fact that the writing of even so-called “atheist” existentialists “feels religious to its readers” (2016: 16).
interestingly, taking either stance leads to the same place: for khawaja, “the idea of personal authenticity [is] at the center of existential thought” (2016: 24), while for webber, the existentialism of sartre, beauvoir, and franz fanon begins with “eudaimonist arguments for the virtue of authenticity” and finally affirms “a categorial moral imperative of authenticity” (2018: 19).
like khawaja, i take existentialism to be a usefully broad term of intellectual history that can illuminate the work of philosophers and others who preceded the rise of the “movement” or rejected the label.
in this sense, “existentialism” picks out a distinctive cluster of philosophical problems and a relatively distinct current of twentieth- and now twenty-first-century philosophical inquiry, one that has had significant impact on fields such as theology (through rudolf bultmann, paul tillich, karl barth, and others) and psychology (from ludwig binswanger and medard boss to otto rank, r. d. laing, and viktor frankl).
the phenomenological approach gave philosophical shape to the basic existential insight that thinking about human existence requires new categories not found in the conceptual repertoire of ancient or modern thought; human beings can be understood neither as substances with fixed properties, nor as subjects interacting with a world of objects.
on the existential view, to understand what a human being is it is not enough to know all the truths that natural science—including the science of psychology—could tell us.
the dualist who holds that human beings are composed of independent substances—“mind” and “body”—is no better off in this regard than is the physicalist who holds that human existence can be adequately explained in terms of the fundamental physical constituents of the universe.
categories of moral theory such as intention, blame, responsibility, character, duty, virtue, and the like do capture important aspects of the human condition, but neither moral thinking (governed by the norms of the good and the right) nor scientific thinking (governed by the norm of truth) suffices.
“existentialism”, therefore, may be defined as the philosophical theory which holds that a further set of categories, governed by the norm of authenticity, is necessary to grasp human existence.
to approach existentialism in this categorial way may seem to conceal what is often taken to be its “heart” (kaufmann 1968: 12), namely, its character as a gesture of protest against academic philosophy, its anti-system sensibility, its flight from the “iron cage” of reason.
but while it is true that the major existential philosophers wrote with a passion and urgency rather uncommon in our own time, and while the idea that philosophy cannot be practiced in the disinterested manner of an objective science is indeed central to existentialism, it is equally true that all the themes popularly associated with existentialism—dread, boredom, alienation, the absurd, freedom, commitment, nothingness, and so on—find their philosophical significance in the context of the search for a new categorial framework, together with its governing norm.
this cumulative view of scientific progress was an important ingredient in the optimism of the eighteenth century enlightenment, and it was incorporated in the 1830s in auguste comte’s program of positivism: by accumulating empirically certified truths science also promotes progress in society.
this “synchronic” investigation of the “finished products” of scientific activities was questioned by philosophers who wished to pay serious attention to the “diachronic” study of scientific change.
popper’s falsificationism, kuhn’s account of scientific revolutions, and feyerabend’s thesis of meaning variance shared the view that science does not grow simply by accumulating new established truths upon old ones.
except perhaps during periods of kuhnian normal science, theory change is not cumulative or continuous: the earlier results of science will be rejected, replaced, and reinterpreted by new theories and conceptual frameworks.
popper and kuhn differed, however, in their definitions of progress: the former appealed to the idea that successive theories may approach towards the truth, while the latter characterized progress in terms of the problem-solving capacity of theories.
another was the recognition that, besides individual statements and theories, there is also a need to consider temporally developing units of scientific activity and achievement: kuhn’s paradigm-directed normal science, lakatos’ research programme, laudan’s research tradition, wolfgang stegmüller’s (1976) dynamic theory evolution, philip kitcher’s (1993) consensus practice.
a new tool that is employed in many defenses of realist views of scientific progress (niiniluoto 1980, 2014; aronson, harré, and way 1994; kuipers 2000, 2019) is the notion of truthlikeness or verisimilitude (popper 1963, 1970).
further interesting material for philosophical discussions about scientific progress is provided by quantitative approaches in the study of the growth of scientific publications (de solla price 1963; rescher 1978) and science indicators (elkana et al.
for hume suggested that to think of an object is always and necessarily to think of an existent object, or to put it differently, that to think of an object and to think of the same object as existing are just one and the same thing.
kant’s motivation for rejecting the view that existence is a “real predicate” was the so-called “ontological proof” of god’s existence, which says, roughly, that god’s perfection entails god’s existence, since a being that would have all of god’s perfections except existence (i.e., omniscience, omnipotence, benevolence) would be less perfect than a being with the same perfections plus existence.
if hume is right, then the concept of an object includes the concept of existence, and the concept of a nonexistent object would be as self-contradictory as the concept of a round square.
if existence is not a predicate of individuals, then one might suppose that neither is nonexistence.
therefore, if frege is right, to say of an object that it is nonexistent is a kind of nonsense that arises from a violation of logical grammar.
on this view, the logical form of “god exists” is not exists (god)—where exists is a predicate of individuals, but rather: the concept god applies to something, or something possesses the property of being god.)
thus, in order to take the idea of nonexistent objects seriously, one has to give up views held by important philosophers about the nature of existence and adopt the view that existence is some kind of predicate of individuals.
this view entails, among other things, that to say, for instance, that some white elephants exist is to say that some white elephants have the property of existence (or, to put it the other way around, that not all white elephants are nonexistent)—a consequence that might strike some as strange.
furthermore, in order to assert “there are nonexistent objects” without implying “nonexistent objects exist”, one has to suppose that sentences of the form “there are fs” mean something different from sentences of the form “fs exist”.
obviously, although there might be a tendency among competent english speakers to use “there is” and “exists” in different contexts, ordinary language use is too wavering and non-uniform in this respect to be a stable ground for a philosophical theory.
in a universe thus ruled by ‘eternal fate’, they are therefore even more wretched than human beings, for the latter have at least the power to rebel against the order of things and thereby retain their dignity.
at least as typified by prometheus, human beings can rejoice in their own sufferings, and by this defiance uphold their individuality in the face of fate.
since mendelssohn thought at first that jacobi was himself a spinozist, we see him also attacking the basic doctrines of spinozism as he understood them, while at the same time suggesting how they could be reformulated in an internally more consistent form to have them rejoin the accepted teachings of school metaphysics.
since mendelssohn had announced the impending publication of his morgenstunden,[5] a book in which, as mendelssohn said, he would take up the issue of spinozism, jacobi thought that his opponent was unfairly trying to make a public head start on him in a controversy that was agreed would have to remain private before being brought to public attention by mutual consent.
philosophers are temperamentally inclined to reconstruct reality according to the requirements of explanation, in total disregard of the requirements of existence.
they are possessed, as it were, by a logical fanaticism that leads them to mistake the abstractive principles of explanation for principles of existence.
since the individuality of things is the first victim of this confusion, yet individuality is the necessary condition of all existence, it follows that in the world as reconstructed by philosophers there is no room left for truly existing subjects — least of all for agents who can seriously take responsibility for their actions and relate to one another as person to person, an ‘i’ to a ‘thou’.
all that is most noble in human nature (as depicted in goethe’s first poem, jacobi implies), notably the ability to make decisions and transcend brute nature, is thus denied, and there is no alternative left for human individuals, if they care to preserve at least a modicum of dignity, except to take pleasure in their avowedly only delusory sense of freedom (according to goethe’s second poem, as jacobi also seems to imply).
according to jacobi’s report of his conversation with lessing, after a disquisition on his part regarding the devastating effects of a thought based on the demands of reason alone, and upon lessing’s apparent declaration of sympathy for spinoza, jacobi had urged upon the latter to perform a salto mortale (jacobi, 1785: 17), i.e., a kind of jump, heels over head, that would redress his position.
the latter had spearheaded the sturm und drang reaction against the same rationalism that jacobi was now condemning.
jacobi’s veiled message was that the adepts of this new cultural phenomenon had failed to escape the rationalism of the philosophers, since the rebellious new humanism they advocated made sense only on the presupposition that the philosophers’ conception of reality was the right one.
the nietzschean method of genealogy, in its application to modern subjectivity, is another facet of philosophical postmodernism.
michel foucault's application of genealogy to formative moments in modernity's history and his exhortations to experiment with subjectivity place him within the scope of postmodern discourse.
that is, genealogy studies the accidents and contingencies that converge at crucial moments, giving rise to new epochs, concepts, and institutions.
as foucault remarks: “what is found at the historical beginning of things is not the inviolable identity of their origin; it is the dissension of other things.
in nietzschean fashion, foucault exposes history conceived as the origin and development of an identical subject, e.g., “modernity,” as a fiction modern discourses invent after the fact.
underlying the fiction of modernity is a sense of temporality that excludes the elements of chance and contingency in play at every moment.
in short, linear, progressive history covers up the discontinuities and interruptions that mark points of succession in historical time.
foucault deploys genealogy to create what he calls a “counter-memory” or “a transformation of history into a totally different form of time” (foucault 1977, 160).
just as nietzsche postulates that the religious will to truth in christianity results in the destruction of christianity by science (see nietzsche 1974 [1882], 280–83), foucault postulates that genealogical research will result in the disintegration of the epistemic subject, as the continuity of the subject is broken up by the gaps and accidents that historical research uncovers.
however, while institutions of confinement are held over from a previous time, the practice of confining the mad constitutes a break with the past.
in its nascency, reason is a power that defines itself against an other, an other whose truth and identity is also assigned by reason, thus giving reason the sense of originating from itself.
as he remarks: “what is originative is the caesura that establishes the distance between reason and non-reason; reason's subjugation of non-reason, wresting from it its truth as madness, crime, or disease, derives explicitly from this point” (foucault 1965, x).
the truth of reason is found when madness comes to stand in the place of non-reason, when the difference between them is inscribed in their opposition, but is not identical to its dominant side.
in other words, the reason that stands in opposition to madness is not identical to the reason that inscribes their difference.
such is the paradoxical structure of historical transformation.
in his later writings, most notably in the use of pleasure (foucault 1985 [1984]), foucault employs historical research to open possibilities for experimenting with subjectivity, by showing that subjectivation is a formative power of the self, surpassing the structures of knowledge and power from out of which it emerges.
for philosophy, this means “the endeavor to know how and to what extent it might be possible to think differently, instead of legitimating what is already known” (foucault 1985 [1984], 9).
he thus joins lyotard in promoting creative experimentation as a leading power of thought, a power that surpasses reason, narrowly defined, and without which thought would be inert.
during the voyage he read and reread charles lyell’s newly published principles of geology, a three-volume work that articulated a philosophical vision of rigorously empirical historical science, oriented around five key ideas: the geologist investigates both the animate and inanimate changes that have taken place during the earth’s history.
the only serious attempt to do so according to the idea that species are capable of ‘indefinite modification’, that of jean baptiste lamarck, is a failure on methodological grounds.
while he became convinced by his observations and reading that the fossil record and current distribution of species could only be due to the gradual transformation of one species into another, he was determined to articulate a theory that measured up to lyell’s principles.
the whole manifest mental life is self-presenting, that is, all the experiences of a subject are self-presenting to the experiencing subject.
that your mental experiences present themselves to you means you refer to your instantaneous experiences without the intermediary of a further representation of them.
usually, the objects of experiences are not constituted by their experiences: they are something mind independent and not immanent to consciousness.
in such a representation of red, the red-content serves as a kind of sign of something, i.e., red, and is itself a mental piece of the whole representation.
in order to present the red-content as object of an inner reflective experience, you do not need a further, separate representation with an additional mental content to which the red-content corresponds as object.
meinong (1910, §20: 138 [103], §43: 264 [190–1]; 1915, §33; 1917, §1) calls it the self-presentation of inner experiences in opposition to the other-presentation [fremdpräsentation], where the content functions as sign for something else.
since experiences do not need to be brought within the range of apprehension by presentations (and contents) of their own, meinong calls the self-presenting parts of an experience (act component and content component) and the whole self-presenting experience quasi-contents.
the quasi-content coincides with the object that is to be apprehended or intended.
it plays the role of a content, so to speak — hence the name “quasi-content.” meinong (1906, §§11 and 13; 1910, §43) thinks that attention allows us to do two different things with one and the same experience and content respectively: (1) if we direct our attention to our inner experience, for instance, to the red content of a representation of red, this very content serves for the inner perception of itself — the red-content becomes an intended object and serves for the apprehension (perception) of itself.
(2) if the content contributes to a perception or a thought of something red, the content concerns something external to the mind — it serves for the apprehension of the coordinated outer objects and can therefore be called turned outwards (extraversion, [auswärtswendung]).
some of nietzsche’s own programmatic reflections highlight the centrality of this enterprise: perhaps most famously, he closes an extended treatment of the shortcomings of previous philosophy (in part i of beyond good and evil) with a demand that psychology be recognized again as the queen of the sciences, for whose service and preparation the other sciences exist.
(bge 23) in section 2, we saw that nietzsche’s critique of morality rests crucially on psychological analyses that purport to expose the self-destructive effects of moral attitudes like guilt and ascetic self-denial, as well as the corrosive mismatch between the official claims of altruistic morality and its underlying motivation in ressentiment.
aside from its instrumental support for these other projects, nietzsche pursues psychological inquiry for its own sake, and apparently also for the sake of the self-knowledge that it intrinsically involves (gm iii, 9; gs pref., 3 and 324; but cf.
still, despite widespread appreciation of nietzsche’s psychological acumen that started with freud himself—and despite the centrality of psychology to his philosophical method, core questions, and evaluative aims—even the most basic outlines of his substantive psychology remain a matter of controversy.
at the same time, nietzsche’s own psychological analyses make free appeal not only to the self, but even to some of the traditional faculties, like the will, of which he is most skeptical elsewhere: for example, the “sovereign individual” of gm ii, 1–3 is distinctive for developing a “memory of the will” that underwrites his capacity to keep promises and “vouch for himself as future” (gm i, 13); or again, nietzsche’s favored strategy of deploying a multiplicity of perspectives in knowledge (see section 3.2.6) assumes the existence of a cognitive self that stands back from particular drives and affects, and so has “the ability to control one’s pro and con and dispose of them” in support of the larger cognitive project (gm iii, 12, see also bge 284).
for example, strongly naturalist interpreters like brian leiter (2002, 2007) and matthias risse (2007) focus on nietzsche’s skepticism about the will and the pure soul to reject any kantian-style source of agency that can stand apart from and direct the person’s basic drives or fundamental nature.
somewhat similarly, readers attracted by a cartesian conception of consciousness as the essence of the mental, but repelled by cartesian dualism, highlight nietzsche’s emphasis on the importance of the body (gm iii, 16; z i, 4) to suggest that his apparent claims about psychology should be heard instead as a kind of physiology of drives that rejects mental psychology altogether (for different versions, see poellner 1995: 216–29, 174; haar [1993] 1996: 90, et passim).
attacking unity rather than mentality, a group of readers interested in nietzsche’s agonistic conception of politics tends to emphasize his similarly agonistic, internally contested, conception of the self (hatab 1995; acampora 2013).
in a diametrically opposed direction from those first three, sebastian gardner (2009) insists that, while nietzsche was sometimes tempted by skepticism about a self which can stand back from the solicitations of inclination and control them, his own doctrines about the creation of value and self-overcoming in fact commit him to something like a kantian transcendental ego, despite his protestations to the contrary.
since he endorses leibniz’s thought that representation, not consciousness, is the decisive mark of the mental (gs 354), it is reasonable to treat these attitudes as distinctively psychological, whether they are conscious or not.
as has been the case for many years, jobs, or forms of employment wherein employees perform a service or duty in exchange for financial compensation, play a prominent role in society.
the essential paradox arising in camus’s philosophy concerns his central notion of absurdity.
accepting the aristotelian idea that philosophy begins in wonder, camus argues that human beings cannot escape asking the question, “what is the meaning of existence?” camus, however, denies that there is an answer to this question, and rejects every scientific, teleological, metaphysical, or human-created end that would provide an adequate answer.
thus, while accepting that human beings inevitably seek to understand life’s purpose, camus takes the skeptical position that the natural world, the universe, and the human enterprise remain silent about any such purpose.
since existence itself has no meaning, we must learn to bear an irresolvable emptiness.
this paradoxical situation, then, between our impulse to ask ultimate questions and the impossibility of achieving any adequate answer, is what camus calls the absurd.
doesn’t camus the philosopher preside over the death of philosophy in answering the question whether to commit suicide by abandoning the terrain of argument and analysis and turning to metaphor to answer it?
[1] and, as francis jeanson wrote long before his famous criticism of the rebel that precipitated the rupture between camus and sartre, isn’t absurdist philosophy a contradiction in terms, strictly speaking no philosophy at all but an anti-rational posture that ends in silence (jeanson 1947)?
in the years since, the apparent unsystematic, indeed, anti-systematic, character of his philosophy, has meant that relatively few scholars have appreciated its full depth and complexity.
it is not just a matter of giving a philosophical reading of this playwright, journalist, essayist, and novelist but of taking his philosophical writings seriously—exploring their premises, their evolution, their structure, and their coherence.
camus takes his skepticism as far as possible as a form of methodical doubt—that is, he begins from a presumption of skepticism—until he finds the basis for a non-skeptical conclusion.
camus’s philosophy can be thus read as a sustained effort to demonstrate and not just assert what is entailed by the absurdity of human existence.
through crafting inductive biases into neural network architectures, particularly that of hierarchical representations, machine learning practitioners have made effective progress in addressing the curse of dimensionality [15].
providing solutions for the instability of function approximation techniques in rl, this work was the first to convincingly demonstrate that rl agents could be trained on raw, high-dimensional observations, solely based on a reward signal.
as with franz rosenzweig (who goes to great length in the star of redemption and understanding the sick and the healthy to demonstrate that god, man and world underpin three fundamentally different and irreducible foundations of explanation which have shaped our history), rosenstock-huessy was convinced that humanism’s attempt to free itself from all gods (making humanity and/or nature the ground of reality) was based upon a failure to grasp more ancient insights into the nature of the real and the relationship between reality, language and history.
to this important extent, again like rosenzweig, he argued that language was more fundamental than either philosophy or religion and philosophy’s attempt to free itself from and reduce religion to a deficient kind of philosophy was based upon its failure to take language, and hence reality, sufficiently seriously.
the crux of theology is a crux of language, and all our rationalists are not protesting against religion but against speech’ (1943, 162).
philosophical and theological speech trailed behind and were dependent upon the more urgent and creative acts of ‘founding’, that is, those acts which emerge out of life’s exigencies, which are epoch making ‘events’ and which are at the source of human institutions and new forms of life, and which cannot be separated from the vocabulary, or, more specifically, the shared names and foci of orientation which connect us across space and over time.
[3] in the most philosophical of all his works, the first volume of his soziologie, when contrasting the respective limits of theology with philosophy, he says that theology is guilty of reducing us to sinners and angels and thus not adequately accounting for our being flesh and blood, while philosophers tend to reduce us to objects and things in the dead space of the universe and ‘to mirror the objective world in their subjective world’ (1956, 286).
‘religion,’ he says in that same section, ‘is unjust against nature and the human spirit (geist)’; while philosophy is blind to ‘the time-endowing forces’ (‘die zeitstiftenden gewalten’).
[4] against philosophers and theologians, he saw his task as restoring our attunement to the potencies embedded in our speech and institutions so that we could draw upon the power of past times in order to strengthen our openness to the promise of the future in the present.
to this end, while his corpus cuts across numerous disciplines, his major systematic work, one rewritten throughout the course of his life, was his two part sociology im kreuz der wirchlichkeit (in the cross of reality)—the first volume of which is to appear with transaction in 2017: volume one originally appeared (to use the english title) in 1925 as the forces of community, and then reworked as the hegemony of spaces; volume two being the full count of the times.
his social philosophy is concerned with how, when a world implodes on or devours them—through what he terms the four social diseases of anarchy, decadence, revolution and war (1970a, 11–16)—people can escape the tyranny of forces that have come to rule the space in which they dwell by founding a new time which will then open up other spatial possibilities.
for him, then, the key to human freedom is the capacity both to found the new and draw upon the powers encapsulated in bodies of time past which enable us to live in a present in which we feel blessed by the future.
rosenstock-huessy repeatedly argues that philosophy generally is particularly weak in assisting us with this task and it is ultimately to sociology that rosenstock-huessy turned as ‘the way to win again our freedom over spaces and through times’ (2009,1, 22).
hence against the cartesian cogito, which he saw as providing the underpinning formulation of the philosophy of modernity, rosenstock-huessy retorts with the much more archaic respondeo etsi mutabor—‘i respond although i will be changed’ (1938, 817–830; 1970b, 17–33).
for rosenstock-huessy, this search for a stable space is reflected in recurrent philosophical elements which privilege the implacability of space (or a particular space) over the ceaselessness of time.
modern philosophy’s division of things into subject and object (a spatial configuration) is a case in point, but it goes back to the ancients whose building blocks such as topics (from topos place), ‘categories’ (from kata = ‘down to’ and agora = ‘the public assembly’ i.e.
declaiming in the assembly), reason’s sphericality, and ideas (the very term idea, eidein = ‘to see’, referring to something visible to the mind’s eye) all suggest a commitment to (the mental) space’s primacy.
the same point is made somewhat more elaborately in the first volume of the in the cross of reality (2009, 1,307 –311) where he argues that dialectical thought is triadic, but anything that really happens and makes itself manifest, i.e.
[6] it must be something in space and time, and hence conform to the inner/outerness or subjective/objective matrix of space, as well as the trajective and prejective-ness of time.
while rosenstock-huessy provided a range of arguments against philosophers wanting to make more of reason and less of language, time and history than their due, and while he preferred to classify himself as a sociologist, he can also be seen as a social philosopher who argued for the philosophical necessity of the fusion of history, linguistics, anthropology, sociology, and religion.
this is not to say that all instances of allowing deadly causal sequences to run their courses are permissible, or that the distinction between doing and allowing always makes a difference to the moral status of an action.
negative rights would enjoin others not to initiate a fatal causal sequence, and positive rights may give rise to an obligation to prevent a fatal causal sequence from running its course.
in rescue ii, we must violate someone’s negative rights to meet the positive rights of others, and this is impermissible because the negative rights have priority over the positive rights that is not outweighed by five people’s need for assistance.
foot thereby defends a principle that draws a moral distinction between doing and allowing; she also defends a version of the doctrine of double effect, which states that it is sometimes permissible to bring about a result that one foresees as a consequence of one’s action but does not intend that it would be impermissible to aim at either as a means or an end (md 91).
although in such a case i would be allowing someone to die rather than perpetrating a killing by my own agency, what i do is impermissible.
thomson argues by analogy: imagine that while we sleep a group of music lovers stealthily attach to us a famous violinist who is suffering from an ailment, and we uniquely can keep him alive for roughly nine months, as he convalesces (thomson 1971: 48).
there is a morally significant difference between unhooking someone from one’s own body, which does not involve initiating a fatal causal sequence, since the person was already in the grips of a fatal condition before being hooked up to us, and abortion, which does initiate a fatal sequence.
(md 87) rejecting thomson’s view, which attempts to show that some instances of abortion are permissible even if the fetus is fully a moral person, foot’s considered position on abortion is that it turns on precisely the issue thomson wishes to set aside.
on the other hand, the right to assistance in staying alive calls upon the charity of others and not justice, except in the case of a doctor who has a contractual duty to help keep us alive.
that is, there may come a point at which such ‘assistance’ as a doctor can offer to prolong a patient’s life does not actually confer any benefit, and in such a case, it is not contrary to justice or charity for the doctor to withhold treatment; as foot points out, such instances of passive euthanasia are already widely practiced (vv 56).
foot argues by analogy that it may be ‘more humane’ to deprive someone of property that is bringing evil to him, but nevertheless taking it away would be contrary to justice (vv 50).
to some extent, disappointment among commentators in search of “positive views” arises from our looking for the wrong things—for example, seeking a systematically organized axiological theory when nietzsche himself is skeptical of any such project, or expecting any “positive” ethics to accommodate certain “moral intuitions” which nietzsche is more inclined to challenge than to save.
according to one widespread reading of the b-deduction, §§15–20 comprise a an argument whose only assumption is the premise about self-consciousness that kant defends in §16.
on strawson’s interpretation, for instance, “the fact that my experience is of a unified objective world is a necessary consequence of the fact that only under this condition could i be conscious of my diverse experiences as one and all my own” (1966: 94).
some interpreters dissent; karl ameriks, for example, contends that strawson’s conception of the deduction is motivated by a desire to see it as showing that the skeptic about the external world is mistaken, while in fact refuting this sort of skeptic is not one of kant’s aims for this argument (ameriks 1978; also allais 2011, 2015).
an uncontroversial role of §17 is to provide a characterization of an object, or more to the point, of a representation of an object, that facilitates a challenge to humean associationism.
here ‘object’ should be read in the broad sense of objective feature of reality – a feature whose existence and nature is independent of how it is perceived (b 142; bird 1962/1973 130–31; strawson 1966: 98–104; guyer 1987: 11–24).
this interpretation is a component of allison’s broader vision of the b-deduction, according to which kant demonstrates that the unity of apperception entails that we represent objects, and, conversely, that our representing objects entails the necessary unity of apperception (allison 1983: 144ff; 2015: 352–55) indeed, the crucial claim for allison’s interpretation is that the unity of apperception is not only a necessary but also sufficient condition for our representing of objects.
on an account of the sort ameriks favors, the unity of apperception, and more exactly, the synthesis that explains our consciousness of the identity of the subject, is only a necessary condition for the representation of objects (cf.
allison’s interpretation is attractive particularly because it promises leverage against the skeptic who denies that we represent objects, and also because this leverage is generated by premises about self-consciousness that this skeptic is likely to accept.
in particular, §18 he assumes that our representations of objects manifest a certain kind of necessity and universality, and this he does not purport to establish in §17 or earlier.
most of the far-infrared water emission observed with herschel in star-forming regions originates from warm outflowing and shocked gas at a high density and temperature (> 105 cm−3 , 300–1000 k, v ∼ 25 km s−1 ), heated by kinetic energy dissipation.
in cold pre-stellar cores and outer protostellar envelopes, the water abundance structure is uniquely probed on scales much smaller than the beam through velocity-resolved line profiles.
uv fields up to 102 − 103 times the general interstellar radiation field are inferred in the outflow cavity walls on scales of the herschel beam from various hydrides.
the fact that even warm outflows and hot cores do not show h2o at full oxygen abundance points to an unidentified refractory component, which is also found in diffuse clouds.
based on the lessons for galactic protostars, the low-j h2o line emission (eup < 300 k) observed in extragalactic sources is inferred to be predominantly collisionally excited and to originate mostly from compact regions of current star formation activity.
yet kant thinks that, in acting from duty, we are not at all motivated by a prospective outcome or some other extrinsic feature of our conduct except insofar as these are requirements of duty itself.
we are motivated by the mere conformity of our will to law as such.
to act out of respect for the moral law, in kant’s view, is to be moved to act by a recognition that the moral law is a supremely authoritative standard that binds us and to experience a kind of feeling, which is akin to awe and fear, when we acknowledge the moral law as the source of moral requirements.
only a universal law could be the content of a requirement that has the reason-giving force of morality.
the targets might be professional philosophers, and the goal might be to advance understanding of the consequences of adopting particular logical rules, or treating existence as a real predicate, or allowing definitions to have existential import, or the like.
a plausible suggestion is that, minimally, it should make the targets recognise that they have good reason to accept the conclusion of the argument that they did not recognise that they have prior to the presentation of the argument.
adopting this plausible suggestion provides the following criterion: a successful ontological argument is one that should make atheists and agnostics recognise that they have good reason to believe that god exists that they did not recognise that they have prior to the presentation of the argument.
although in western philosophy the earliest formulation of a version of the cosmological argument is found in plato’s laws, 893–96, the classical argument is firmly rooted in aristotle’s physics (viii, 4–6) and metaphysics (xii, 1–6).
influenced by john philoponus (5th c) (davidson 1969), the mutakallimūm—theologians who used reason and argumentation to support their revealed islamic beliefs—developed the temporal version of the argument from the impossibility of an infinite regress, now referred to as the kalām cosmological argument.
the world is composed of temporal phenomena preceded by other temporally-ordered phenomena.
leibniz (1646–1716) appealed to a strengthened principle of sufficient reason, according to which “no fact can be real or existing and no statement true without a sufficient reason for its being so and not otherwise” (monadology, §32).
leibniz uses the principle to argue that the sufficient reason for the “series of things comprehended in the universe of creatures” (§36) must exist outside this series of contingencies and is found in a necessary being that we call god.
kant contended that the cosmological argument, in identifying the necessary being, relies on the ontological argument, which in turn is suspect.
richard gale contends, in kantian fashion, that since the conclusion of all versions of the cosmological argument invokes an impossibility, no cosmological arguments can provide examples of sound reasoning (1991: chap.
richard gale and alexander pruss propose a new version based on a so-called weak principle of sufficient reason that leads to a finite god that is not omnibenevolent, and richard swinburne, though rejecting deductive versions of the cosmological argument, proposes an inductive argument that is part of a larger cumulative case for god’s existence.
the shift away from this traditional understanding of empire was influenced by the leninist analysis of imperialism as a system oriented towards economic exploitation.
thus, for lenin and subsequent marxists, imperialism described a historical stage of capitalism rather than a trans-historical practice of political and military domination.
contemporary analytic philosophers, feminist and nonfeminist, can be characterized roughly as follows: they consider (some of) frege, russell, moore, wittgenstein, and the logical positivists to be their intellectual ancestors; they tend to prize explicit argumentation and the literal, precise, and clear use of language; they often value the roles of philosophy of language, epistemology, and logic; and they typically view their stock of philosophical concepts, methods, and assumptions to be a) consistent with their modern european heritage, and b) in contrast with methods originating in twentieth-century continental europe, most recently those having names beginning with ‘post’: poststructuralism and postmodernism broadly conceived.
many central dogmas have been undermined, and nonfeminists and feminists alike have “naturalized,” “socialized,” and otherwise modulated the earlier, more abstract and highly normative enterprises and doctrines.
however, regardless of the extent of the evolution of “analytic philosophy,” the degree to which methodological boundaries are blurred today, and the fruitfulness of intersections among methods, a number of feminist and nonfeminist philosophers continue to think of themselves in the historical trajectory of analytic philosophy and find the tradition valuable.
it embodies unity of mind and body, thought and action, restraint and fulfilment, harmony between man and nature, a holistic approach to health and wellbeing.
one of the first presocratic philosophers of ancient greece, thales (c. 624–545 bce) deployed an analogical argument for the attribution of mind that tends towards panpsychism.
on the other hand, if one opts for the panpsychist view that mind is an elemental feature of the world, then one must account for the apparent lack of mental features at the fundamental level.
however, anaxagoras’s views on mind are complex since he apparently regarded mind as uniquely not containing any measure of other things and thus not fully complying with his mixing principles.
perhaps this can be interpreted as the assertion that mind is ontologically fundamental in a special way; anaxagoras did seem to believe that everything has some portion of mind in it while refraining from the assertion that everything has a mind (even this is controversial, see barnes 1982: 405 ff.).
but democritus had to admit that the qualities of experience could not be accounted for in this way, and thus chose to relegate them to non-existence: “by convention sweet and by convention bitter, by convention hot, by convention cold, by convention color; but in reality atoms and void” (taylor 1999).
we find these worries re-emerging at the start of the scientific revolution, as the mechanistic picture of the world inaugurated by galileo, descartes and newton put the problem of the mind at center stage while paradoxically sweeping it under the rug.
galileo’s mathematisation of nature seemed to leave no space for the qualities we find in experience: the redness of the tomato, the spiciness of the paprika, the sweet smell of flowers.
hume evidently means to denote something beyond mere changes in the regular course of nature, raising the bar higher for something to qualify as a miracle but also raising the potential epistemic significance of such an event if it could be authenticated.
while this does not necessarily preclude hume’s concept, it does raise the question of what concept or concepts earlier thinkers had in mind and of why the humean concept should be thought preferable (tucker 2005).
that dead men stay dead is a widely observed fact, but it is not, in the ordinary scientific use of the term, a law of nature that dead men stay dead.
on hume’s own “regularity” view of natural laws, it is difficult to see what it would mean for a natural law to be violated.
if the natural laws are simply compendious statements of natural regularities, an apparent “violation” would most naturally be an indication, not that a supernatural intervention in the course of nature had occurred, but rather that what we had thought was a natural law was, in fact, not one.
on metaphysically rich conceptions of natural laws, violations are problematic since the laws involve relations of necessity among universals.
and on the view that there are no natural laws whatsoever, the set of events satisfying the humean definition of a miracle is, trivially, empty.
speaking of miracles as violations of the laws of nature also raises questions about the nature of violation.
if a putative law has broad scope, great explanatory power, and appealing simplicity, it may be more reasonable, swinburne argues, to retain the law (defined as a regularity that virtually invariably holds) and to accept that the event in question is a non-repeatable counter-instance of that law than to throw out the law and create a vastly more complex law that accommodates the event.
a miracle occurs when the world is not left to itself, when something distinct from the natural order as a whole intrudes into it.
he only became acquainted with anderson in the 1950s and was struck by the manner in which anderson had continued a form of philosophy into modern times that had given way elsewhere to philosophies more concerned with linguistic usage.
anderson’s isolation from his intellectual peers and his seeming reluctance to engage in international debate also deprives contemporary students of the opportunity to locate his work within more familiar territory.
anderson describes his position variously as empiricist, realist, naturalist, physicalist, positivist and pluralist, conceiving each of these as different aspects of the one truly empirical philosophy.
empiricism for anderson is an ontological doctrine asserting a single way of being to which we as investigators belong.
while undoubtedly committed to empirical investigation and the fallible nature of all propositional claims, anderson’s empiricism is only secondarily an epistemological viewpoint relating to how we come to know things within this spatio-temporal world.
universals are brought down to (spatio-temporal) earth, but there are no such things as pure universals nor pure particulars outside their roles within complex states of affairs.
mentality is a product of physico-chemical processes in the brain but this does not preclude our inquiry into the nature of mind as a field of conflicted tendencies, feelings and emotions.
whatever the special sciences tell us about their particular subject matters, philosophy retains its authority in questions of logic, that is to say, concerning the conditions of possibility of discourse.
indeed, modern science is badly infected by instrumentalist and technological views of its investigations and needs to become more truly philosophical and critical, more concerned with establishing what is the case within specific fields, and less with being practical and useful in relation to perceived societal needs (emp, 290).
positivism then is for anderson a commitment to what is objectively and positively the case, and not a program of instrumental or operational truth, nor a means of distinguishing meaningful from meaningless utterances.
it is a plea for an objective investigation of the ethical, focussed on the existing ethical qualities of human activities, rather than on the pieties of traditional moral philosophy: the questions of right, obligation, duty and so forth.
they have generally failed to recognise the ontological, non-representational, non-semantic basis for his empiricism.
robert brandom’s recent criticism and rejection of the “theoretical, explanatory and strategic commitments” motivating anglo-american philosophy in the 20th century lists these as: empiricism, naturalism, representationalism, semantic atomism, formalism about logic, instrumentalism about practical norms (brandom 2000).
brandom regards the notion of “facts” and “states of affairs” as emblematic of atomistic, representationalist thought.
he may have failed in his project, but he kept alive at sydney enduring values of traditional philosophical inquiry at a time when mainstream philosophy was either obsessed with linguistic usage on the one hand or in deference to the natural sciences on the other.
that is, they are increasingly processes that—in fact and as a social ideal—are managed and overseen by medical professionals, typically involve a high degree of technological medical intervention and contact with clinics and hospitals, and are assessed by medical experts who are the authorities on their progress.
amy mullin explains that medicalized pregnancy “involves interpreting pregnancy itself as a disruption to health that necessarily requires expert medical intervention, and thinking of pregnancy as primarily about health and illness” (mullin 2005, 54).
the concept of medicalization is helpful in making clear how this sort of insertion into a medical context is not (or not simply) a response to fixed biological facts, but rather a contingent social and institutional process.
recently, there has been a vigorous mandate to involve medical professionals in helping women regulate their bodies in accordance with medical standards for minimizing reproductive risk even prior to conception.
second, when medical professionals become the primary managers of reproduction, pregnant women's epistemic privilege is undermined and they are arguably reduced to playing passive roles in their own pregnancies and births (e.g., freeman 2015).
third, some have argued that medicalization has rendered pregnancy in general, and labor and birth in particular, more alienating and stressful for women, burdening them with constant and complicated responsibilities for elaborate risk management and bodily and behavioral surveillance (for review see, e.g., mykitiuk and scott 2011; savell 2012).
more broadly, this account of pregnancy and birth involves comparable pressures on pregnant women to conform to rigid standards of attitudes and behaviours, and, like the medicalized account, is in danger of de-politicizing and essentializing the experience and management of pregnant women (beckett 2005, malacrida and boulton 2014).
his laudatio (1403–1404 [1978]) are paeans to the city generally (for instance, in terms of architectural and artistic beauty, its cleanliness, its locale, and its plentiful resources) but also specifically to the virtue of its citizens and its institutions.
(recall a central feature of the “baron thesis” mentioned above derived from the claim that the milan crisis of 1402 gave birth to civic humanism in both theory and practice, with bruni as its exemplary exponent.)
the institutions both foster and are fostered by the public virtue of citizens.
bruni postulates a triad of fundamental republican principles that florence draws together: liberty (libertas), equality (aequalitas), and just law (ius).
the florentine republic differs because the entire body of its citizens participate, as appropriate, in the government, which, because it is checked in its power, resists the temptation of tyranny, whether by the few or the many.
the characterisation of alienation offered here—as a social or psychological ill involving the problematic separation of a subject and object that properly belong together—involves three constituent elements: a subject, an object, and the relation between them.
there seems to be no good reason to deny that a collective as well as an individual agent might be alienated from some object.
the object here might be an entity which is not a subject; for example, beatrice might be alienated from the natural world, from a social practice, from an institution, or from social norms, where none of those entities are understood as agents of any kind.
lastly, the object here might be the original subject; that is, there might be reflexive variants of the relation, for example, in which beatrice is alienated from herself.
third, the relation is one of problematic separation between a subject and object that properly belong together.
anarchist rejection of authority has application in epistemology and in philosophical and literary theory.
pragmatism, like other anti-systematic and post-hegelian philosophies, gives up on the search for an arché or foundation.
feyerabend explains: science is an essentially anarchic enterprise: theoretical anarchism is more humanitarian and more likely to encourage progress than its law-and-order alternatives.
so-called “post-anarchism” is a decentered and free-flowing discourse that deconstructs power, questions essentialism, and undermines systems of authority.
following upon the deconstructive and critical work of authors such as derrida, deleuze, foucault, and others, this critique of the arché goes all the way down.
emerging trends in globalization, cyber-space, and post-humanism make the anarchist critique of “the state” more complicated, since anarchism’s traditional celebration of liberty and autonomy can be critically scrutinized and deconstructed (see newman 2016).
the second is liberalism, which posits the primacy of the autonomous individual vis-à-vis public order and government; the republican values civic engagement in order to realize a form of liberty achievable only in and through the community.
republican theorists sometimes refer to writings by historically antecedent authors, such as aristotle or machiavelli, but their concern is not primarily accurate interpretation.
baron was not, however, the first scholar to propose the form of humanism that emerged during the fifteenth century in the italian cities mainly promoted the civic vita activa rather than the literary and philological pursuits ordinarily ascribed to the humanists.
(if not for purely contingent reasons, the historiographical label for civic humanism might readily have been “the garin thesis”.)
in the present context, it should be noted that some advocates of civic humanism were disposed toward republicanism, but the latter is not entailed by the former.
in the “fourth paralogism”, he distinguishes transcendental idealism from transcendental realism: to this [transcendental] idealism is opposed transcendental realism, which regards space and time as something given in themselves (independent of our sensibility).
the transcendental realist therefore represents outer appearances (if their reality is conceded) as things in themselves [dinge an sich selbst], which would exist independently of us and our sensibility and thus would also be outside us according to pure concepts of the understanding.
this point is reiterated later in the critique when kant writes: we have sufficiently proved in the transcendental aesthetic that everything intuited in space or in time, hence all objects of an experience possible for us, are nothing but appearances, i.e., mere representations, which, as they are represented, as extended beings or series of alterations, have outside our thoughts no existence grounded in itself.
the realist, in the transcendental signification, makes these modifications of our sensibility into things subsisting in themselves, and hence makes mere representations into things in themselves [sachen an sich selbst].
(a491/b519)[3] appearances exist at least partly in virtue of our experience of them, while the existence of things in themselves is not grounded in our experience at all (cf.
kant calls transcendental realism the “common prejudice” (a740/b768) and describes it as a “common but fallacious presupposition” (a536/b564; cf.
kant also distinguishes transcendental idealism from another position he calls “empirical idealism”: one would also do us an injustice if one tried to ascribe to us that long-decried empirical idealism that, while assuming the proper reality of space, denies the existence of extended beings in it, or at least finds this existence doubtful, and so in this respect admits no satisfactorily provable distinction between dream and truth.
as to the appearances of inner sense in time, it finds no difficulty in them as real things, indeed, it even asserts that this inner experience and it alone gives sufficient proof of the real existence of their object (in itself) along with all this time-determination.
(a491/b519) empirical idealism, as kant here characterizes it, is the view that all we know immediately (non-inferentially) is the existence of our own minds and our temporally ordered mental states, while we can only infer the existence of objects “outside” us in space.
since the inference from a known effect to an unknown cause is always uncertain, the empirical idealist concludes we cannot know that objects exist outside us in space.
kant typically distinguishes two varieties of empirical idealism: dogmatic idealism, which claims that objects in space do not exist, and problematic idealism, which claims that objects in space may exist, but we cannot know whether they do (see a377).
[4] transcendental idealism is a form of empirical realism because it entails that we have immediate (non-inferential) and certain knowledge of the existence of objects in space merely through self-consciousness: […] external objects (bodies) are merely appearances, hence also nothing other than a species of my representations, whose objects are something only through these representations, but are nothing separated from them.
thus external things exist as well as my self, and indeed both exist on the immediate testimony of my self-consciousness, only with this difference: the representation of my self, as the thinking subject is related merely to inner sense, but the representations that designate extended beings are also related to outer sense.
i am no more necessitated to draw inferences in respect of the reality of external objects than i am in regard to the reality of my inner sense (my thoughts), for in both cases they are nothing but representations, the immediate perception (consciousness) of which is at the same time a sufficient proof of their reality.
(a370–1) merely through self-conscious introspection i can know that i have representations with certain contents and since appearances are “nothing other than a species of my representations” this constitutes immediate and certain knowledge of the existence of objects in space.
understanding transcendental idealism requires understanding the precise sense in which things in themselves are, and appearances are not, “external to” or “independent” of the mind and kant draws a helpful distinction between two senses in which objects can be “outside me”: but since the expression outside us carries with it an unavoidable ambiguity, since it sometimes signifies something that, as a thing in itself [ding an sich selbst], exists distinct from us and sometimes merely that belongs to outer appearance, then in order to escape uncertainty and use this concept in the latter significance—in which it is taken in the proper psychological question about the reality of our outer intuition—we will distinguish empirically external objects from those that might be called “external” in the transcendental sense, by directly calling them “things that are to be encountered in space”.
(a373) in the transcendental sense, an object is “outside me” when its existence does not depend (even partly) on my representations of it.
the empirical sense of “outside me” depends upon the distinction between outer and inner sense.
inner sense is the sensible intuition of my inner states (which are themselves appearances); time is the form of inner sense, meaning that all the states we intuit in inner sense are temporally ordered.
outer sense is the sensible intuition of objects that are not my inner states; space is the form of outer sense.
transcendental idealism is the view that objects in space are “outer” in the empirical sense but not in the transcendental sense.
things in themselves are transcendentally “outer” but appearances are not.
the classic sorites, or ‘heap argument’, seeks to show that even 10,000 grains do not make a heap, on the ground that (a) three grains do not, and (b) the addition of one grain could never be enough to turn a non-heap into a heap: however often a further grain is added, no precise boundary between non-heap and heap is ever found.
it may be relevant, then, that diodorus is reported to have propounded a semantic theory of his own (aulus gellius, attic nights 11.12.1–3; cf.
this was based on the ‘conventionalist’ thesis expressed by the character hermogenes in plato’s cratylus, according to whom nothing but convention—whether national, local or simply private—determines the meaning of a word, and any convenient string of sounds can in principle be used to convey any meaning.
diodorus’s inference from this was that the sole determinant of any word’s meaning is the intention of the utterer on any given occasion on which it is used.
he went on to infer that there are no actual ambiguities: given the assumption that a word is on each occasion uttered with one specific meaning in mind, a word has only one meaning at any time.
one may wonder whether this semantic theory, which reduced meaning to utterer’s meaning, was designed to remedy the kind of damage that the sorites threatened.
if meanings are determined purely by the utterer’s intention on each occasion, a radical reconsideration of definitional theory seems in any event to be called for.
we might conjecture diodorus’ own solution to have been once again a semantic one.
at each of its occurrences ‘know’ has, in the respondent’s mind, a distinct meaning appropriate to the case (acquaintance, recognition), and hence no contradiction is involved.
when the first micron-size dental nanorobots can be constructed in 10 to 20 years, these devices will allow precisely controlled oral analgesia, dentition replacement therapy using biologically autologous whole replacement teeth manufactured during a single office visit, and rapid nanometer-scale precision restorative dentistry.
new treatment opportunities may include dentition renaturalization, permanent hypersensitivity cure, complete orthodontic realignments during a single office visit, covalently-bonded diamondized enamel, and continuous oral health maintenance using mechanical dentifrobots (sharma et al., 2010).
we explore which scenarios match observational constraints and show that cr-dominated jets can most efficiently quench the central galaxy through a combination of cr pressure support and a modification of the thermal instability.